offers you a cup of coffee, hand ground and french pressed.
accepts it graciously though confused at the offer.
bows in a manner that suggests your welcomed.
I chuckle a bit and do a mock curtsey sipping it gingerly* well thank you that's very kind.
uses asterisks.
spraaawls out after work, relaxing finally.
flops on Zhwaz.
hugs the otter up against him and nuzzles at his head lightly.
looks at the multi-scene wa of text he's created with the 'phin.
jumps up and flops onto the couch, curling his lazy canine body up and watching everyone..
pokes his head in.
the large macro wolf yawns as he stretches his arms, looking down at everyone as he enters a new chat room .
Argo lays back in his lazy chair, watching tv with a ratty old comforter covering him.
reaches over and pokes Zhwazi.
the wolf-dog hybrid comes back with a cold one and re sits himself in the chair, lazing about while watching re-runs of "Hogan's Heroes"..
Notices the not-so-stealthy ninja has fallen, bringing most of the second floor down.
he offers a paw, looking at the pinned ninja.
i help her up, feeling some weight but brushing some of her clothes off for her then going back to my chair to sit down, pointing to another newer one* would you like to sit with us? *The wolf hybrid asks while curiously tilting his head at you like all canines do.
Argo offers a beer to the female, rubbing the slight distended nature to it from the previous "meal" as he covers it back up with his favorite comforter.
he yawns laying back in his chair.
Argo lays back drifting off while the female studies him..
chuckles, lowering his head in a nod.
he looks down at syd the macro wolf seeing the tiny calling him tiny.
has to reach up to pet Carrie's side.
the wolf just sits at a table sipping green tea, perking his ears at the sudden appearance of a newcomer..
gives a barely audible "I'm here" as he sits in his own little corner now.
waves to newcomer spurklefloof* Oh, I'm ok. Just... *pats around on the floor for something that's not there.
pats the floor a few more times before putting her paws in her lap.
cocks head to the side.
hold up and shakes her paws.
produces plate of meatloaf and green beans out of thin air.
smiles and takes out a pack of m&ms with rosey red cheeks.
giggles and pats Zerin's belly.
reaches for cereal.
knocks the cereal on the floor.
sobs cause the cereal is spilled on the floor.
looks up at Rumble* Why are these cereal people jumping off of shelves all the time? *sobs.
very curious of the new Houzie.
looks up scared at the huge fur.
quite afraid, yet very interested.
looking back and forth between the few with a nervous grin.
I blink cross-eyed at my nose for a moment before shaking my head of it.
wraps around Carrie's feet.
hugs shoulders.
waves my paw.
Wiggle wags his tail.
pokes Leo's belly.
meeps and murrs.
murrs and giggles.
hugs tight, lifting you a bit.
yips in surprise as you lifted him, wrapping his legs around your waist so you don't drop him.
nuzzle your chest, giggling and murring slightly as you wrapp your legs around him.
chi's lightly, nuzzling you and looking down at the floor. Wagging his tail.
nuzzles you back putting you down gently. lightly tickles your tummy, swaying his tail.
comes in with a bucket of cold water.
dumps the water on himself and shivers. Shacking franticly and flinging water everywhere.
scritches behind your ears.
hides his blushing in a pillow.
is back and forth between games and chats.
pokes, trying to cheer her up.
pokes again playfully.
poke poke poke.
yips and pokes her all over.
pounces Houzie, tickling violently.
is sitting on the sofa drinking a coke and watching a police drama.
chuckles and spies on Wulf.
leaves chat 1.
stretches and yawns.
bites into hindai's ear.
he gave a moan and nudged close to Kay as he bites.
whistle and Look around.
wiggles them about.
goes into the living room and sit down on the couch.
digs through drawers.
carefully pushes his toy box out of sight.
wags and licks your nose.
wags excitedly.
purrs and cuddles.
wags and pushes bum back.
sits in the corner.
pokes Bike playfully.
mwawrps and nibbles on, mindful of his teeth!.
giggles as you nibbled on him, hugging you suddenly.
licks his lips!.
hides his crotch with a pillow.
runs towards you and hugs.
picks him up and spins around with the hugs.
Luppy is loving the spinning.
baps with newspaper.
watches the tail sway.
carefully swirls his tail tip in front of Hindai.
hugs ember shyly, with a smile.
stops beeing shy, hugging you tight.
has her eyes trained on Hindai's bushy butt.
rubs his back up and down, nuzzling him.
jumps for Hindi's ploofy butt and laughs as she nips at his tail.
she happily played with Hindai's tail for a short time due to Ember's tail tickling her belly. She instantly begins flailing and laughing loudly trying to stop both of her ticklers.
had to reach to Doink's shoulder.
leans down picking up the normal size fur as i put you in my head fur.
cuddles up in the wolf's warm and floofy fur, yawning while glancing about at his now smaller surroundings.
offers her a bottle of Alive.
picks up Carrie and takes her home.
lays on the blanket.
wiggles happily.
giggles at the nibbles.
lurks quietly.
playfully tries to lick Houzie's tail.
plays with both tails, trying to nibble them.
sits back and watches the over whelming patting going on over there.
giggles, still patting both of you.
hugs the circle, stopping the patting.
whistlea innocently.
Not a spoiler to the plot.
sits with a good laptop of 6 years buuuuut outer case is failing me due to giving the 'neck' of the screen whiplash.
puts only my head on the chat, looking around.
looks at karma.
gets the duct tape.
murrs, with a slight blush.
do the same, giggling as he waits for everyone to get ready.
pick up the soap, rubbing it on my paws.
starts rubbing Ruby's back, going up and down, sometimes going lower and rubbing his rump, giggling.
nibbles your tail, murring as he continuously rubs your body, coming a little closer. He look at hindai* why dont you join us too? I'm sure you also need some cleaning *giggles and murrs, giving him a look.
throws some water and soap  on him.
murrs at the feeling of Houzie's touch, grabbing his butt with a wet and slippery paw, murring softly as he continues to wash Ruby with the other paw.
licks Ruby's muzzle, giggling.
takes them and happily eats and drinks it.
meeps and blushes softly, giggling a little bit.
hugs and murrs loudly.
hugs and spins.
spins with Hindai~.
flops on the floor with with his tail up.
wiggles it happily.
sits on Hindai.
chi's softly as he's sat on.
boops Terran.
boops you back.
flops on somebody.
Someone is flopped on.
is flopped on.
looks at Ember, wiggling his rump.
 waves to the 'pheen.
licks Darren's muzzle.
gives avacyn a nuzzle.
 Meeps and is spun around.
sits you down.
 Flops down on a sofa ready to watch the video when it comes up..
tucks him in.
 Pulls oyu in with me..
sniffs at the thing and burns it with a small flame.
hoards Karma's containers.
tackles Ember.
bats Terran with his tail.
smirks, catching that tail in his paw.
squints and continues hoarding.
giggles and steals a container.
handcuffs Terran.
glares and swings the cuffs around Ember's head, dragging it down to the base of his neck and yanking him close.
chuckles and swats it with his tail.
holds her paws up.
 Bites on fingers..
sleeps on somebody.
waves to everyone.
curls into a ball.
sits on Ryan.
Pulls in for cuddles.
wags and nestles against warmly.
nuzzles and wags spooning.
sleeps on Terran.
looks on his back.
sprawls out a little bit on Terran's back, snoring.
is content and warm.
wags harder, his tail thumping your leg.
licks your nose.
sneezes violently, frantically shaking his head. Sneeze, after sneeze, after sneeze.
wiggles his nose.
 Wanders off..
 moons the chat and gives his ass a smack!.
licks Bikendi's butt.
wiggles it against that tongue! .
joins, and we begin the double rimming.
keeps licking, locking at Hindai's tongue while murring and rimming still~.
watching the first episode of FINAL FANTASY XV BROTHERHOOD.
fapfapfapfap.
noms on Zhwazi.
victory theme.
pounces on with snuggles.
covers your face with slobbery licks.
pokes Rumbles tum.
sighs and flops..
snugs Avacyn.
is comprised of dark color.
cuddles everyone.
wiggles as i cuddle back.
is enjoying this.
Smiles and sits next to you..
dressed in a black T-shirt and jeans i grin crossing my legss..
 I frown  bit, my mile never really going out of my eyes..
 I smile again..
 I blush deeply, not wanting to be so direct..
 I chuckle and grin, blushing a bit my self..
 my eyess widen a bit.
 I blush and chuckle scraching the back of my head..
 I smile blushng as i lean forward and untie the tiebacks of your boxers. My paws tug on the leg a pit pullong them down for you. I lean down examining the equipment you have down there..
 I wrp my pw around your cock and stroke you softy, my own pant tenting as i got a little aroused.* You wanna se mine? * I chuckle rubbing the bulge in my pants..
 I grin a bit pulling a wrapped condome out of my pocket and handing it to you. I smile and chuckle and lean back on the sofa, my thick shaft running down the leg of my tight pants, you can actually see it throbbing and i stroke it a bit..
 I rumble nd purr softly as you pull my pants down, my ten inch cock springing out for you, mostly hard, the pressure of my tight pant having keped me compressed a bit. I bite mo lower lip and fold my arms behind my head, watching to see what you would do. I wiggle my hips a bit my cock swaying back and fourth..
 I mon pushing up in to your pws as you touch me.* I get sexy otters to play with it instead. * My cock drools a little pre an i moan a bit..
 I moan, leaning my head back as you suckle and lick my shaft, I gasp as you stuff a little of me in to your muzzle. I purr and growl, my pws rubbing your heaad and ears..
 I push you down a bit, not wanting to choke you to badly, not knowing how you liked to be treated in bed. I moan and more pre drools out of my cock at your eager sucking..
 You get  most of it down your throt, which i find very impressive, i net go of your head just incase you needed air.* OOh Fuck, You wanna get on and ride me for a bit or do you just want me to fuck the shit out of you? * I moan pushing your head down again..
 I say grinning and sitting up, kicking my pants the rest of the way off..
 I peel the condom off and look at it a bit frustrated..
 I sit back a bit, not wanting to do anything to you that you did not truly want..
 I can see your heat and sexual frustrtion. I stroke my self a little leaning over and kissing you tenderly. I nuzzle your cheek a bit.* Its your choice babe. * I rub my paws over your chest a bit. * If The pill does not work, Tell me and we will figure things out. I will not leave if it happens..
 I bush my self between your legs and you can feel my cock pressing up against you and i murr softly humping you, letting your paws put it where it need to go. I kiss you and nuzzle you again. With all that big talk i was but a helpless romantic..
 I blush and moan pushing my hips forward as you guise me in to your sex. I moan deeply reastin my head against your chest a pit as i feel your tight walls start to wrap around me. I push slow not wanting to hurt you as my thick shaft stretches you wide. I huff and moan kissing and niibbling your neck..
 I grown loudly pushing in even further, now more than half of my lingth inside you. I grown pushing inside all the way to my hilt. I pant, thrbbing inside. I bite your neck a bit and i can feel you clenching around me, your pussy very slick and wet. I murr and start rocking my hips slowly, back and fourth in and out just a little each time. My balls pushing against you with every little thrust..
 I nod kissing you back tinderly and lovingly as i start giving you what you need, scratching that deep inner itch as i start to rock my hips bck and fourth a little faster now. Pulling more of my cock out and pussing it back in long thrusts. My pre drros in to you making our sex a bit smoother as i wrap one arm around you and hump my self in to you..
 My hips pick up even faster my arousal galvaanized by your lust and moans for more and more. I pant soon pulling most of my cock out nd pushing it back in very quickly panting hard and huffing as i growl lustfully in to your ear. my hips slam up aganst you as we mate there on the sofa..
 I begin to rut you haard and fast , not sure if i can get us together or not but wanting it to be close as i am gathering steam on my own climax. My body begins to stiffen and i grunt puhing you flt and pressing my muzzle in to yours and kiss you deeply. my hips rocking you hard and fast, pounding harder and harder and fster and faster..
 I I buckle and stiffen grying out loudly as i slam into you a final fue times before my spines flare and drag at your insides locking me in to place as i loos my hot lion seed deep within your eager sex. I grunt hunching an humping as i spool my self out inside you. A few moments later after my orgasem subsides i colaps on top od you kissing and nibblinf your neck as i hold you close to me..
 I nuzzle you holding you tightly my cock throbbing and twitching inside you. I pant and murr.* Any time you want atention. Any time you feel alone or want this you come to me if you want. That was great. * I give you  soft kiss again..
 I roll us on to our sides, Still locked to you.* Do my spines hurt you? * I hold you close..
 I chuckle as we nuzzle and spoon..
 I yawn a bit.* You look sleepy. .
 smiles and snugs in return..
waves at everyone.
sits down cross legs leaning against the sofa.
wiggles as you nuzz, nuzzling back as i do.
stocks my tongue out slightly.
giggles and slides my an free for a second so i can get up on the sofa,  flopping my tail down on your lap as i sit.
leaning against you as you wrap around my tail.
my ears are standing perked and the top of my tail flicks slightly from side to side.
gives a wolf whistle from the large armchair across the room.
giggles as i wiggle against you.
lifts up my feet and curls up on the sofa,  my tail tip flicking from side to side again.
closes his book and pulls his glasses further down his muzzle.
opening my muzzle, looking slightly shocked before my eyes close slightly in a lustful way.  Wrapping my arm around you and holding you close* I'm so jelious,  getting a guy to have fun with, especially one who is too big for his condom *duping myself slightly on the sofa thinking about that and letting out a gentle moan.
puts my paw on the top of your head,  rubbing it gently and playing a little with your ears.
clears his throat, raising a paw.
my ears perk up a bit.
gives a tight bear hug.
Joins the hug, just becouse its a hug you know.
hugs the two very tight.
makes a grumpy face as my long Sharky tail agony wraps around the tight bundle.
gives scritches.
snugs up against.
Hugs Fernando back.
nibbles your nose softly, licking it.
Giggles and rubs noses with Fernando.
giggles as well, nuzzling you with a smile.
Nuzzles back and moves his paws up and down your back.
wrap his arms around you, rubbing your down back as I nuzzle you, smirking.
Giggles and lightly blushes, his tail wagging behind him as he gives your cheek a playful, fast lick.
follows your muzzle, murring right next to your ear, pushing you against me, giving you a slightly squeeze.
Looks at Rumble as his paw wanders to the front, groping and squeezing Fernando's crotch.
slides his paws down your rump, grasping it and pushing your body against his, giving your ear soft nibbles.
He lets out a soft groan, his bulge pressing against yours, as his paw grabs your crotch more firmly. His ear twitches at your tender bites.
sitting on the balcony overlooking the area. The clouds were puffy and white as cotton, the blue sky helping reveal every minor detail of their formation. A cool breeze was felt on the jackals fur as a relaxed sigh passed his lips.
jackalnoises.
wild dog noises.
hugs back with a warm smile.
I say calmly. The young one say laying plopped on the floor in his pjs. Tail swimming through the air softly.
 I sit there on the couch dressed in my usual black jean and black T-shirt. My legs are crossed as i look dowh at you on the floor..
I ask softly. Squirming over to your legs like a caterpillar and curling my body around your leg.
 I chuckle and roll a smoke around in my fingers as you curl around my leg..
 I say with a charming smile..
I say as I senselessly nuzzle up against your leg.
 My voice resimbles that of Matthew Mcconaughey. and i contenue to smile..
I ask with soft giggle as I wiggle my way up into your lap. Plopping my tush down gently as I lean against your chest.
 I wrap my arms around you and hold you chuckling a little..
 Smile and speek Conspiratorially in a hushed toan..
smiles abit as I remain curled in a tight ball around your chest.
 i pet and stroke your back softly also smiling.* its entirely up to you where you wanna do it.* chuckles..
Coughs and leaves a bag with lube and condoms next to both of them and then leaves.
 gives your rump a bit of a squeeze.
investigates the bag, humming to himself and deciding it needs more variety and additions.
blushes lightly.
wraps her forepaws around you in a hug.
the feral bear murrs holding you to her belly and chest.
 Purrs loudly as i am held nuzzling and snuggling..
murrs and rumbles while he purrs out. She murrs giving his shoulder a nibble.
 I giggle a little the nibble tickles..
gives his neck a few licks.
Murrs softly giving your belly a few rubs..
the bear murrs out loving the belly rubs and it was a massive turn on it done right.
 Rubs the bears belly a little more ..
lets out a soft moan as he rubs the belly more and more. Being a herm her cock head pokes from her sheath.
 Reaches down touching the exposed flesh and stroking a bit rubbing your belly a little more with my other paw..
laying her head back the pink flesh gently throbs in his paw pushing out further and further slowly becoming the full ten inches it is. She leaks pre on his paw while her belly is rubbed more panting and moaning.
 I pull my shorts down a bit pulling my own hardning member out and rubbing them together a bit I moan a bit, my slightly smaller cock rubing aginst yours..
the pre leaks all over his cock making them slide to ether nicly. The bear lowers her head down and takes both cocks right into her wet warm muzzle sucking and dragging her we tongue along the shafts.
 I moan moving back a bit so she had more room to work, my own cock thrbbing and drooling pre as you slip your muzzle over both of us. I reach down petting and rubbing your ears..
the bear closes her eyes loving cock for breakfast. Her tongue slowly coils around the two shafts starting to pump up and down the tender skin. Her maw covers the cocks with a slick slimy very warm silky feeling bear drool. Her cock throbs heavy along his shaft while she gently bucks her hips to rubs her tender soft warm wet skin along his cock while bobbing plus rotating her head along both cocks. Her eats are soft and warm. Drool leaks from her lips as her stomach growls.
 I pant softly as th bear works on our cocks, I sit up a bit reaching down a bit further past her cock ans to her slick wet lips. I rub softly slowly diping a couple of fingers inside her, rubbing softly as she trys really hard to make me cum. I pant a little harder now bucking my own hips growing very close to my cliamx. My body begins to buckle and i try to keep my hips from jerking to much as i cry out and cum hard in to the bears eager muzzle..
the second she feels the warmth of his hot gooey sleek landing in her muzzle the bear cock throbs heave with her balls tensing up she climaxes also. The bear shaft erupts and blows her massive load along side his load both the cocks filling her cheeks nice letting her gulp down the massive load of sperm feeding her body the great musky sperm. People say foxes are sluts. But this bear beats them by a long shot as she loves cum and she loves to please people. Her slit was warm soft and leaking almost if she wanted that filled too ;3.
 I lean against you panting for a few moments, Not sure if i could go another round. I giv the bears neck a little love mite as my cock leaked the last few drops of my load. i huffed still foldling your pussy lips with my paw. Still thobbing and hard after a few minuts i slip my shaft down a bit and slipp it inside her, Moaning loudly feeling your tight bear walls around me..
just chills and relaxes while watching the show.
boops the Wolf's nose and waves back.
Comes out of the shower and looks around, chuckling.
Wiggles his nose as he boops yours back.
flails around and falls into his back before "dying".
huffs and crosses his arms.
comes to life and noms on wulfs head.
Giggles and looks at Xavier.
blinks as he shares his head.
growled and wiggled his butt in the air as he continued to nom wulf's head.
Crosses his arms, leaning on the bathroom door and holding his giggles.
 Simply waits for my bear friend to return..
twitches his ears as he grips the nomming canine with his robotic arm and gently pulls him off..
Looks at Ruby.
meeped as be was grabbed and pulled off of the other's head. He barked and growled..
eases over to the couch and sits against the arm.
Hugs Frick before leaving.
 Sits on the sofa playing with my self idly..
 Grins giving you a wink and wiggling my cock at you..
the bear lifts her muzzle from the spent cocks making her murr as she licks her lips. She says he can go for another round and winks at him. Watching him shove his shaft into her female tunnel makes her drool a bit. But the sensation of him spreading her wet warm international female walls makes her moan out. Her folded slimy wet soft warm walls mould to the shape of his shaft and holds a bit tight around his cock. Laying her head back the bear nods panting.
 I groan bushing my smaller body up against you and gripping your shoulders tightly as i begin to move my hips back and fourth not quite yet recoverd from the last bout. I lean forward taking a bit of your neck flesh in my teeth as i slowly hum my self in and out of you..
plops down on an empty chair and growls while nomming his arm.
blinked and raised his head.
Pushes xavier toward them.
meeped as he was pushed and crawled up into the cuddle pile.
sat there with her warmth around him. His tail soon wiggled itself free from behind him and wrapped around Ruby's leg.
Growls low as he make sure  his cold robotic arm doesn't bother her a ship tail wags in delight..
 I gasp and grunt hard feeling you clamp down around me. I shove you over and roll you on to your back, giving me extra levrage as i start to hump my hips in to you. My mojo returning a flash..
sets up a few cameras.
mews and waves hi to the late comer.
Flops on a bean bag.
 Plays with my self idly watching what was going on..
Reels in his first cuddle victim... I mean friend.
 Shakes my hard cock at you..
blushed as he caught eye of the other's hard on. He turned his attention to the many cameras and walked over to the bear..
 Remo the 'lion' Chuckles and leans up from my spot on the bean bag taking your paw and tugging you down on top of me..
realizes he is still stuck against the Dragon woman but just goes along with it..
is now a cuddle doll for the Dragon woman.
 I say grinning reaching around and grabbing your ass in both paws..
 I lean up kissing and nibbling on your neck playfully, my cock twiching and throbbing..
Growls low as he is snuggled, wiggling against the big dragon and the other canine..
I remove one hand from your ass and bring it to the back of your head. I pull you in to a rough kiss, my other paw stull squeezing and rubbing your ass lustfully, my ten inch cock rubbing up between your ass cheeks..
 I break the kiss licking your cheek and whispering in to your ear.* The only words i want to hear out of your mouth are ' Yes' And 'Daddy'. I say licking my lips, one paw on your hip and one paw on my cock as i guide myself, my tip up against your holeand push up. My tip Pokes and pushes in to your tail hole..
Listens to the collective Fapping.
 I moan loudly pulling the boy in again and whispering in his ear again.* I wont hurt you. Its a play for the camreas.* I actually give you a tinder kiss on the cheek befor pushing my self up in to you a little more grunting a little..
 I moan feeling you slide all the way down my shaft in one go, impredded that you hadnt screamed. One paw on the back of your head and one on your hip i start punping myself into you, not being to gential with you. I bite your neck and suck a bit as i drove my self in to your tight ass..
sigs wandering off to the showers to wash off a bit..
dies from frighten.
his soul gets thrown back into his body as it attempts to leave and Jason yawns awake.
Jason gets up from the floor as he stretches for a little. He looks around his surroundings as he yawns. The male fox sways his tail lazily as he walks up to everyone who is barely awake and boops them on the snoot.
flails and dies.
Jason looks at the dead body as he pokes him with his foot.
the body does nothing when poked. The decomposing soon begins.
Jason widened his eyes as he picks up the body. He looks around and spots a window. He clutches the body as he braces himself as he bolts over and smashes through the window. He can barely stand the smell as he tosses the body into a nearby dumpster.
Jason grunts as he surprisingly can barely move the dumpster. He pushes with his full weight as it barely budged. Jason wiped his brow as he looked down at the wheels. He bends over and takes out a small stick. He looks confused as the dumpster slowly starts to move downhill. Jason looks on with sheer horror as the dumpster collides into trees. Loud banging ensues as the beaten dumpster slowly stops just before a cliff. A lone fly gently lands on top of the dumpster as the added weight makes the dumpster fall over the cliff..
Is the police.
slowly pokes head out of blanket.
resurrects and glomps the Emily.
is shot down and ignired by Emily.
sniffles and walks away disappointed.
Sadly eats a muffin.
walks up to Emily and news.
boops everyone.
loads another muffin .
shoots Jason with muffin cannon .
i get hit in the face with a soft pastry as I get knocked out.
jumps Jason and proceeds to nip him all over.
The nips make him whine softly as his tail puffs up.
Slowly, my pants are tented from the nipping as he whines louder.
blinked at the pant tent in front of him.
Jason slowly comes to as he sits up slowly. The bulge in his pants split into two.
blinks at the sudden bulge that turned into two.
falls off of the other's back.
Jason shakes his head as the blurry vision fades away.  He stands up and blushes softly as the realization hits him. He excuses himself as he walks into the bathroom.
blinked and tilted his head.
Jason walks out of the bathroom as he has a look of relieve on his face.
Jason sits on the couch as he looks at Xavier.
looks back and blinks.
Jason sleeps on a couch.
is disappointed but eats cake instead.
slides him a slice of cake on a plate with cherries on top.
 a grapple hook suddenly grabs Luna's leg as it was flung from outside of the frame.
 the wind blew through the trees and a raven called in to the night. There was a branch covering a sign that stood off to the side. The whind gusted snd the sign became clear as you approch." Camp Crystal Lake" it said 1/2 mile. It was at this poind you heard a single footstep behind you. A large boot crunched a small twig.
It was just a tree branch rolling on to its side, Whew... It was just then,you could hear the roar of a motorcycles engine tearing and squeeling its tires from the direction you were walking in. The light on the front wobbled as the rider almost lost controle and dumped the black Harly. It peeled out again comming you direction like a bat out of hell. The rider was obviouly panicked and as he shot closer you could see that bart of his helmit was missing, cut clean off, showing a bit of the riders face. The rider saw you just in time swueeling to a hault and dumping the bike. He did not land to hard and the leather he wore kepped him from taking to much damage from the assfault. He quickly rolled to his knees stumbling to his feet and lifting what was left of his helmit visor..
the bear grumbles and rolls to her side.
the bear's eyes open as she lifts her head looking at the honey.
Jason sneezed softly into his arm as he groaned softly. He looked on as he scratched his chin..
smears some on a honeycomb scoop and very carefully walks to he bear.
stands up with a yawn looking at the honey sniffing. She moves closer to start licking and chewing on the honeycomb.
looks at the paw and sniffs it. She starts grooming his honey covered paw eyes closed.
the bear sits down next to you and smiles.
licks it off her snout and licks your nose.
the feral bear looks around.
fights hindai for tummy space.
yips and falls off the bear and huffs.
pulls Hindai back up.
Jason looks around the woods as he sits down to rest. The male fox pants softly from fatigue as he perks his ears in every single direction..
snuggles against  Houzie on top of the bear.
 A pair of eyes stair out at you from a dark bush, you can hear a low growling, and the bush rustles..
watched the two.
 The growl turns in to a chuckle. light hearted but still a little Indimadteing. A Head pops out of the bush, and a tall male, with blood red fur steps out from his concealment. The Dark red lion was wearing nothing myt a pair of cut off shorts..
 The lion smiled chearfully taking a step forward..* Well, Yeah, But it will take you the rest of the night to get there on foot. Howlong have you been walking anyway? I am out here camping. Ive got food and water if you need some. I was about to start a fire too. * I turn around and bend over, Picking up my little pile of wood..
 I smile setting my wood down again to shake your paw.* Sure, Comon, My name is Remo and my camp is yours. I guess as long as you dont mind shairing a small tent with another dude? * I chuckle again once picking up the wook and turning around, walking tward my camp expecting you to follow behind me..
 We arive at my camp a few minuts later and i pull a flashlight out of my waist band and turn it on as I start setting the wood down in the proper way someone starts a fire. I hand you my lighter.* Here, you light it ill go get some Jerky and water for you. You liik hungry. I do not notice the raven, many anamals being out diuring this time of night in the woods..
 I come back holding a big bottle of water and a rather large bag of jerky. I smile seeing you have lit the fire.* Nice! * I say still smiling and handing you the goodies.* Ill i have is camping food. you Want me to make up some of the freez dried stuff or are you good with the jerky? Have as much as you need. Youv been out here a long time. * I bens over picking a heafty log up and laying it on the fire..
 I take my camp chair and put it behind you as i pirch my self on a log near the fire and hold a marshmallo over the fire on a stick..
 My eyes widen a little bit and blow out the flames on the marshmallo and hold it out to the bird on your head..
 Seeing the Crow has no intrest in my marshmallow. I eat the crispy treat..
 I chuckle softly and grined..
 Eats some jerky watching the exchange..
 I grin a bit blushing softly..
 I blush, Rubbing the back of my own neck..
 I blush deeply, my complament returned to me.* Would you like to come shair my log with me? * I pat a spot next to me, the small camp chair not big enough for the both of us..
 I scoot close to you, being sure not to wake the shape shifting dragoness..
And enticing?.
 I look over the stars just as you do ann meet your eyes as you turn to look at me. I grin a little and chuckle.* From the place Bugs Bunny alwase forgets to make that pesky left turn. * I poke my tongue out at you a bit, smiling..
 I sigh, Remimbering, happely gazing back in to your eyes..
 Wanted to pet the little vixen, but thought better of it, Considdering i do not know if i have the other cretures permition..
 You can hear me start purring as you make contact with me. I blush softly again reaching down to pet Karra softly. After a few moments of this i lean over and nuzzle your neck abit..
 I lean against you a bit, purring.* Never seen one before..
 I yawn deeply, my paw venturing to rub your back a bit..
Jason sleeps over the log as Karra grows to his height. They cuddle closely as they both fall asleep.
Slaps dat dragon ass again.
 rubs my eyes and sits up out of bed..
yawns and smiles, rubbing my eyes.
 After a bit of walking you would hear the sounds of water. There was steam coming from a natural hotspring up ahead. I stood in the water, naked and washing my self with a soap stone..
 I jumped clear out of the wateras i heard the roar come from behind me.* Fuck!! * I dropped the soapsoan and slip on one of the smooth rocks, my whole body going under. A Moment later i pop my head up, hare plasterd down over my face as i gasp for air..
 I blush sinkng my lower half below the water, looking for the soap. I flip the hair out of my eyes..
 I fand the soap and start to clean my self again..
 I finish my bath and dry myself. I blushed deeply and wondered if the littke dragon was watching. Not bothering with my shorts. I sit next to you on the rock and then lay with you, Snuggling close and falling asleep with you..
 I drape my arm around you at one point and wake up while you are still sleeping. I whisper softly in to the air..
 I speak softly trying not to wake Jason. I blush deeply.* D-do you think he would mind if I... * I look Down your body, hot sure how to say what i was asking without sounding like a perv..
 blushed deeply and nodded. Jasonb still asleep i put my paw  on his bulg reaching my fingers up to pull down your zipper. i bend over you stuffing my muzzle up against your crotch taking a deep breath of your musk..
 I pop the button on your pants and pulled them open and pulled down the undies beneath putting my muzzle over the tip of you sheath and sucking softly..
is deciding whether or not to post yiff.
flops on a bean bag..
sprawls out on a nearby bean bag.
 Smiles and giggles a bit..
Giggles knowing that was only a joke to begin with..
taps his chin.
Finds a tinnis ball and tosses it to you as we sit on our respective bean bags..
catches the ball. barely, but catches it.
inspects the ball for a second and lobs it back to you.
 The ball bounces of my nose befor i fumble and catch it.. I rub my nose and toss it back..
Trys to remimber anything fox related..
catches the ball and lays out on his beanbag.
tosses the ball back.
Catches it this time and tosses it right back..
catches the ball and throws it back once more before getting up.
 Catches the ball and smiles wondering where you were going, but keeping that particular question to my self..
 Flops on my beanbag looking around for others..
 I wave back and smile sitting up on my somewhat flat bean bag..
 I grin hopefully..
 Smiles and gets up, laying my self across you lap and streching out, I poke my tongue out at you a bit and grin..
 I purr as you rub my dark red furr, My lions body flexing and streching as you rub, glad to know that you dont mind me. * Thanks,* I say blushing a bit as i run my paw through my black mohawk, One blue eye and one yellow eye looking back at you..
 I smile sweetly, being dressed in only a pair of black boxerbriefs. I murr a little bit as you pet and stroke my fur. I tilt my head over giving your belly a soft kiss. I am enjoying my self quite a bit and purring very loudly to proov it too..
 I murr a bit giving your belly a lick this time, as you put your hand on the back of my head. nibbling on my lower lip abit after feeling your hands move over me. I nuzzle your belly rubbing it with my cheek, givving you affection the way any happy cat would..
 Eventually losses my self in the feelings and falls asleep in your lap. Yawning deeply just before my eyes drifted shut. I begin to snore softly..
drools heavily.
hides in the blanket.
walks about on the pier as he stares at the ocean..
massive facepalm.
looks at Sherri with curiosity in his eyes.
Jason chuckles softly and nods. He sits on the couch as he eyes her figure for a bit before perking his ears..
licks lips and drools slightly.
Rolls off the couch as I faceplant onto the floor.
yawns and gets up. I head to the kitchen.
rubs my neck.
yawnstretch, still tired after unexpected nap.
sneaks up into your stretches and nestles into your side under your arm warmly.
squirps surprised! He rests his arm on Shoulders and leans in a little, pulling him close.
his tail thumped happily as the wild dog pushed his head warmly into Zhwazi's neck.
Sits in the corner and watches the two with a severe case of fangirlitis.
 Flops on a couch. Yawns.
wiggles my ear at your face.
gives you the golden view of her two holes.
the bear pads over to oh rubbing her side along your side as she pads around you* "no I can't get enough". *she smiles.
 Smiles reaching my paws around to pet and scrach you..
the bear grins as she pads around he would see the winking flexing pink tight pucker under her lifted tail. The bear's pink wet leaking slit would under her pucker and on the sides of the female sex would be gently bouncing bear orbs as she pads around him.
 I chuckle and pull my black t shirt off and toss it on the couch. I play with bookers balls a bit reaching back and tugging on her sack..
the bear balls feel nice and a little full to the touch. Once he started to pull and knead along her thick warm bear balls she huffs and moans out her sheath throbbing with her cock slowly slipping from the very musky sheath. A thick musk and a mind numbing pheromones start to leak from her body while her pink bear pussy drips and her cock leaks pre.
 I reach under you and stoke your sheath and shaft. * Feel like using that big ol thing on me today? * I blush and chuckle stripping out od the rest of my clothing..
the bear grins hearing the words big cock. The shaft of her ten inches of cock was super soft warm and very musky. She grins looking at his eyes and she nods as she throbs hard heavy and pre shoots from her shaft head.
 I giggle doing as you comand. I get down on all fours and lift my tail for you, looking back over my shoulder..
the bear pushes her snout right under that tail to take in the amazing musky warm smell of lion asshole. Her tongue pushes out of her tongue and it forces it's way up his ass. Her thick slimy tongue thrusts deep fast and hard inside him pucker making his hole wet and slimy. She pulls her muzzle away after a bit and jumps up mouthing him. Her right forepaw wraps around his chest while her left foreleg holds her weight off his body. Her right foreleg uses it's massive forepaw to hold his back tight to her chest letting him feel her massive heart thumping in her chest with lust and need. Her hot humid breath blows down his neck as she pants and drools into his fur. Her four inn thick cock head lines up with his male hole and slowly starts sinking in inch by inch pushing extremely creamy rich bear pre~..
 I gasp and moan as your eager muzzle pushes between my cheeks licking me and pushing your warm slick tongue in to my ail hole. I moan and push back in to your muzzle feeling your desprat need for me from the start. I  gasp again your forpaw wrapping around me and pulling me close as you mount me and press your huge shaft between my cheeks. I feel the thumping of you larg heart and toy can feel the quicker beating of my smaller one. My own cock now rock hard and dribbling on to the floor as i feel your hips push forwatrd a bit. I Gasp again and moan loudly as ifeel your tip push inside me a bit. I bit my lower lip and blush. Not being a small male, you can feel the taught streingth in my own body.* Uugh Booker* YOu feel me shiver, the tight walls of my ass clenching around your tip..
feeling the smaller quicker feline heart makes the massive huge bear heart thump louder and deeper sending the massive energy around her body. Her Brain sending chemicals out to make the bear feel more arousal and instincts start to settle in. The bear moves her massive forepaw along his thumping breathing chest. Her massive soft warm leathery like paw pads gentle start to squeeze and tug on both his feline nipples on his chest. The thick cold bear snout pushes right to the back of his neck. She takes a massive deep sniff along his musky fur exhaling hot humid breath around his neck hoping to drive him deeper and deeper into his arousal. The bear can smell the amazing amount of musk coming from his fur and the fresh smell of cock and sperm musk fills her nose also giving her signs that he was enjoying what she was already doing for him. Her cock head pops into the tight pucker making her huff deeply. "S-such a tight feline it might be hard for me not to reck your asshole too much". The bear teases as she uses her massive hind legs and strong hips to start slipping the thick long bear shaft deeper into his tight male tunnel. The four inches thick bear cock was very soft warm and it spreads his wet slimy drool filled asshole wide but slowly. The bear wanted to take care on first entry sliding in with surgical care. Once all ten inches has been tucked away in his tight sleeping bag of a rear she huffs". Play time is over time for liftoff". She quickly pulls half of her throbbing leaking meat out and slams it back in with a wet slap and a thud. She relate this heavy deep Hilting thrusting panting groaning and moaning. Her massive balls gently thud onto his balls. The bear paw moves from his chest and goes tiny to his cock. Her soft leathery like paw pads grab a hold of the tender rod and pumps it fast and hard using his thick pre to lube his shaft. Her massive heart thumps faster and faster while she breaths deeper into his neck~..
 I pant and moan whimpering a bit as the huge bears cock was slowly pushed inside me. The senastion was so great i could only produce moans and whimpers of plesure and pain. I bring air in through my teeth as you slide the rest of your dick in to me. I huff and pant feeling you burrowed deep inside me. My hear beets fast, and i dont know if i can with stand the impending bear pounding.  I grunt loudly and almoast scream as you pull almoast all the way out and slam back in to me, A Load of pre squirts out on to the floor as you slam your delf in to my prostate..
the thick long bear shaft thrusts deep hard and fast into the clines very tight very warm soft tunnel making her moan out and grunt. The massive feral bear wound pound away at his asshole making louder and louder thumps and hide as her arousal grows and her drive for sexual climax grows stormer hen the muscles in her hind legs pushing her to slam that thick long throbbing shaft deeper and deeper into his asshole. The end of her cock would still be shooting ever thicker ropes of her fresh rich thick creamy pre deeper and deeper into his tight tunnel while her shaft pounds his hole. Her soft skin would be rubbing and bumping his poor prostate hard slamming into it and compressing the clear fluids from it into his body. She pants and moans out feeling her climax drawing closer and closer. Out of no where she slams her body into his rear as pre sputters from her cock as she was desperate to hold back her climax. After a few seconds she stops leaking like a waterfall while she pants. The bear pulls of only an Inch and slams back in repeating in a vey hard prostate destroying thrusting movment. That would only take seconds for her to lift her head to roar. She begins to unload her massive thick load one rich rope of sperm at a time. She thrusts a few times as she begins to climax but sends her cock full inside him. He can feel the hot rush vibrating down his prostate and into his large intestine. Her balls are compressed pushing out all the cream while he pair ate works over time to produce warm clear fluids. After she bloats the Lion she passes out on his back.
shows his sharp teeth.
sits atop the couch, feet on the other side as my tail gently pats your plump body. .
frumpy tail on your belly .
walks to Ruby and nuzzles giggling, siting on the couch too.
nibbles his nose gently, rubbing his lower sides and giggles.
just remains like a pushed animal* "Forward my calls to Ruby's bussom." and proceeds to stick his face between them. .
bows his head with a chuckle.
stretches and yawns, looking disappointed at his still-too-hot-to-drink coffee for a moment.
swoops up by Ember.
snaps his teeth with a snicker.
hums with a smile.
hugs and giggles with a wide smile.
growls playfully.
sips his tea onlooking the action idly.
smirks and puffs a little smoke at her* Maybe I will look you up later~ *paws at that muzzle before padding over to Frick Frack.
feels like it's a trick.
murrs hard, with a smirk.
grabs her tail, hugging it.
let the tail go.
sits on the couch and watches everyone hanging out.
Turns so that my rump is facing you, both paws wrapped around my tail..
boop your belly and smiles giggling softly.
She would wiggle her tail, making accompanying light saber noises with her mouth.
She would slap her tail against yours, not accomplishing all that much with her floppy tail.
fake a faint, laying and wriggling on Milo's lap.
make dramatic dying noises closing my eyes.
She would wiggle her tail in her paws, gently tapping her tail tip against your snoot.
She would look up in alarm, clasping a paw over her heart, the other clutching for the sky as she dramatically fell over. Her eyes closed, tongue lolling out of her open maw.
She would open one eye, giving a disapproving look to the green one, before closing it again and writing on the ground. Before splaying out again a few moments later, letting out a drawn out groan.
Dead people sounds.
performs CPR on the chat.
cocks head to the side.
looks over at you.
pats the spot next to him with his paw.
scoots up to him.
groans padding into the area flopping.
turns my head to the side.
was laying on my side passed out.
the bear snoozes away mouth open a small amount.
opens her eyes to look. She tilts her head.
the bear lays her head down and yawns.
snatches you over to his side.
stands up and yawns a bit.
Licks your nose.
smiles at the lick.
hums and nuzzles into your head.
hops up next to ruby.
smirks* Hmm, Ruby? Any ideas of what to do with this one? *points at Mina.
bites lip nervously.
giggles and nips at Mina's neck.
drapes a wing over you and pulls you against his side.
moves his wing to accommodate Ruby as best he can.
She curls up between the two sets of scales.
snickers and licks at Mina's snout.
the macro wolf yawns as he looks down at the small planet on his index finger.
Chuckles and licks his cheek.
lifts his paw a bit to show his white underbelly, nudging Mina with his wing to push her near his chest.
chuckles as he sees the wolf.
Nuzzles against his underside.
he gets up and grabs Ruby's paw in his own, lifting her up off the couch, scooping Mina up on his snout as he shoved the couch away and lay on his side, placing Mina by his chest again, lightly tugging on Ruby to lay next to him with all she's got on her.
Smiles at the sight of the Wolf shirt on her .
snuggles on his chest, trying not to take a cat nap.
using one paw to pull Mina against his chest, warming his fire in him for her as he hummed.
Nuzzles and mumbles.
careful to not crush anything between them, he wraps a wing around Ruby and pulls her closer, rubbing a paw along her side.
he bends his head down and kisses the top of Mina's head.
rumbles as he feels Ruby's paw against his chest, bending his head forward and giving her a kiss on the cheek.
smiles and steals a quick kiss from her lips.
She looks up to him and Ruby and smiles.
bends his head down and kisses her cheek.
Purrs and returns a kiss for Ruby first, then Terran.
nips at her ears playfully, pulling her against him again.
scritches under your chin with a claw.
Twitchy tail.
chuckles and scritches more, another claw stretching down to scratch at her chest and belly.
laughs and adjusts his paw a bit, using a third claw to scratch Mina's side, humming as he played with her.
scratches more and more, smiling and laughing the whole while.
is sometimes a pedantic ass.
curls up in the corner.
appears on the tv.
sniffs rumbles tail.
stands completely still. My face blank but flustered red as the two sniff at me.
sniffs your rear.
 rolls my eyes a bit as my tail raises and I give my rump a little shake at you.
tail wags and licks you.
shrugs and smirks.
yawned sprawling out on the floor.
Lays down on the couch.
She would quickly count on her fingers.
hops up there, lightly padding around before laying down, squeezing himself on as much as he could, his tail and hind leg dangling off the edge.
Snugs up against the fox, nuzzling into his chest fluff.
rumbles as he feels the paw around him, nuzzling over at her while he hums, wrapping his wing around her in return, looking over at the popcorn with a giggle.
snickers and nibbles on some of the popcorn from the bucket, humming as he enjoyed it.
pulls her to lay against him, rumbling against her as he rested his head on hers.
bends his head over, to nuzzle into her cheek, squeezing her into his side a bit, his tail coiling around hers.
chuckles, licking at her neck.
pokes head in.
raises eyebrow* *falls into a chair and lights a cigarette.
 Does as requested, Comes over and sits next to you smiling as i did so..
produces a smoke from... somewhere.
 Giggles a bit.* What kind is it? * I take the smoke from you..
offers a light.
Grins a bit leaning forward and lighting my smoke and taking a drag..
takes a light pull and savors it slowly.
 I chuckle smoking with you..
checks a pocket.
passes you the joint.
 I put it between my lips and light it with the burning end of my other spent smoke. I puff for a seccond and take a long drag, Holding it in. I smoothe my black mowhawk..
I stub out my dead cig then lean in a little closer to wait for Remo to pass; one paw going out to steady me as I move and landing quite accidentally on your hip.
 I pass it back a moment later, handing it off to you as i let out smoke from my nose.* Mhh thats gonna be good.* Does not mind where you paw had landed, my avrige sixed body coverd in dark red fur, Black jeans and a black T-shirt. I was a tall lion, Standing about six foot two..
takes a slow drag and sucks it down, taking the joint out and leaving my mouth open for a moment before letting a little smoke trickle back out.
stretches before passing it back, pale purplish paws inching out the sleeves of a long grey coat.
 I murr starting to feel the effects of the weed.  and i take back the offered joint, taking another drag and holding it in. YOu can see my eyes are becomming a little bloodshot..
 I purr leaning over in to you a bit, handing back the joint..
I reach up to take it back- the back of my paw brushes just lightly against your cheek with a little purr before coming down to take it.
takes a quick pull but holds it in, letting almost no smoke out when my mouth opens.
 I smile and blush, leaning my face in to your brushing paw. I giggle a bit.* I did not know that. What did they not approve of? * Feeling quite tosty my self, the joint hving been some powerful stuff..
runs my free hand through your mohawk, pulling you a little closer.
offers the joint back, or at least the inch or so left* Feeling it yet? *chuckles.
 I give you a little moan as you tug my closer by my hair. My paw lands on your thy, Quite by accident. My paw rubs a little my free paw taking the offerd joint back.* MMh yeah I am kinda fucked up acctualy. * Takes another drag anyway, holding it in again and letting it out a moment later.* Smoke any more you mi ght couch lock me . * I giggle at my own joke..
places a paw over yours, pressing it into my leg just a bit harder, and sighs happily* I shouldn't worry too much about that... I wasn't planning to let you off this couch for a bit anyway. *grins.
 I giggle again squeezing your  thy a bit before pushing my paw in to your crotch, groaping you a bit.* What do you have planned for me big boy? Get me stoand and them molest me ppft. Naughty. * I say playfully giggling again..
my hips buck upward slightly under your paw* Molest is such a... crude word. I thought we could both get stoned and then *slips an arm behind your back, pulling you against my chest.
 I murr and moan a bit as you pull me against your chest, I push my self back in to you, More than willing to enjoy the evening with you. You can hear me purring loudly and i lean my head back, resting it on your shoulder..
laughs cheerfully* Well, I'd say the first part of that plan is going swimmingly. As for the second... *slips my paw under your shirt and runs claws down lightly, tracing the way to the top of your tail.
 My back to your chest I murr softly as your makes its way up my shirt. I shiver as you run your claw down my chest and around to the bace of my tail. I push my rear back in to you..
pushes my paw a little lower, forcing your jeans down just enough to cup it under your tail and holding your ass lightly in my claw* Don't worry, I won't stop anytime soon. *wraps my other arm around your chest and pulls you back harder into my lap.
Screeches battlecry in FOX.
fixes hair and trys to act cool.
Narrows her eyes momentarily. Then nods slowly..
gets flusstered and starts spazzing out.
She takes a step forward, reaching out and tracing a single claw along the foxes chin.
glares at nahmii with a "back off" look.
Passes out with heart shaped eyes.
slowly puts paw in the air.
drags my weekend body over.
crawling into the couch he would curle into a ball for warmth.
nuzzling my face into such a warm and confident chest.
mumbles and moans.
She would snatch a handful of popcorn, nibbling on a few pieces.
watches the mouse.
She would wrap an arm protectively around the bowl of popcorn, pulling it closer to her as she nibbled. Watching the show.
She would continue munching on the gargantuan bowl of popcorn. Serving herself a little glass of water as she watched on at everybody.
The massive feral bear would be laying her heavy herm feral body next to a tree as she watches her surroundings. She would be panting lightly from the warm spring sun that lights rays down onto her brown dark heavy body. She groans a bit as she feels a burn starting to grow in her lower belly. It wasn't a stinging burn it was a lustful burn it slowly spreads from her lower belly to all down her rear and crotch. She let's out a deep bear groan as he feeling he sensation spread down into her legs making her spine and back shiver with need. She opens her eyes taking in a deep breath from her snout. All she can smell is pheromones and the smell of a male's cloudy musk. Exhaling she herself releases the same thing she is smelling attracting arousing her from a sleep. The bear slowly stands up and stretches out her body. Hormones race through her blood and cloud her mind with needy lust the kind that can only be soothed with a rich cream. She groans a bit as she pads around taking in the sights smells and sounds of the room making her smile and pant with need. Her tail flicks from side to side.
the bear lowers her forelegs and smiles lowering her head to B bowing in a feral way.
The bear keeps padding along moving slowly her nose pushed up a few degrees to take in all the rich fresh smells the room has to offer. She grins going back to her tree and stands up on her hind legs next to it back facing the tree. Her sheath was a little swollen with the very pink tip pushing from the pink fleshy entrance to the thick furry brown bear sheath. Leaning back on the tree she uses her powerful hind legs to slowly raise and lower her body rubbing her thick oily musky back on the tree relaxes a very thick cloudy musk around the bear. The back rubbing soothes her back and mind while she takes large amounts of air through her nose still taking I the mind numbing amount if smells coming from her surroundings. She as well aware of he two having the time of their lives with each other as she can smell hear and somewhat see it by she looks away knowing it would set her off. She huffs going back to all fours. She looks away a bit and pushes her rear to the tree. She starts rubbing her rear up and down the bark moaning and huffing a bit while she pleases her needy body. The bark she is rubbing would soon start to drip showing what she as doing. She groans and pants as she leaks onto the ground pushing a very rich pheromones into the room. Her smells would be 10 times stronger to other ferals and mind numbing to other bears. The bad pulls herself from the tree not wanting to get too far into the pleasing herself and she starts padding around the room again. Her pink folds would glisten in the sun as she pads along. She would leak clear drops of her honey gold while she pants and pads.
the bear groans out feeling her urges and her needs growing by the second. She pants and groans as the burning grows deeper and deeper into her body invading every inch of her balls sheath and going down deep into the folds of he bear. She groans and pads to a spot where she keeps a few toys for herself when the urges rose from the depths. The bear slowly sits down and grins pulling out a small flesh light on a stand she can mount. Being a feral has it's down sides as she can't use a flesh light light a normal anthro would she has to tie it down it anchor down to the ground so she can mount it. She smiles pushing the stand deep into the ground and fixing he long bear looking flesh light into the stand. She smiles pumping it full of a very natural warm lube and plugs the flesh light in. It also gently contracts the wet folded smooth walls while keeping it body temperature to really make it feel like the real thing. She pulls out a small vibrator and grins pushing it right into the tight leaking bear female sex letting out a deep huff of hot lust filled air. She grins turning on the machine and increasing the speed of he vibration a small amount. She starts landing as she mounts the machine lining her ten inch long four inch thick completely hard leaking cock to the entrance of he flesh light. With a small push she gently slips her entire shaft into the warm contracting tunnel making her pant heavy and her heart to increase speed. She starts slow thrusting deep and long wanting to take it slow..
the bear looks over at alps with a out filled look deep in her eyes plus her tongue mangling our from the long bear muzzle dripping a large amounts of bear drool onto he ground and over a small area. She grins a small amount keeping her eyes locked with his eyes watching him move closer and closer to the bear. She would keep her thrusting motion going but with increasing speed as her lust grows more and more inside her. She attacked a tube to the end of the flesh light and thick globs of pre start being sucked out from the toy and into a very large storage tank not far from alps. The controller for the vibrator would be right next to alpe teaing him Taunting him almost begging to be played with with turned up. The slight buzz coming from her slit wet leaking pussy would be adding to that taunting. She winks at slow keeping the thrusting Motion deep and heavy within the spreading toy. She starts panting more and more looking back forward thrusting faster and faster groaning and grunting under bear breath as the sensation grows larger. The bear keeps thrusting deeper and deeper into the toy sending shock waves down into her balls making them contract and rise a small amount as more and more pre leaks into the tube. The female sex of the bear starts to leak more and more dripping more and more into the ground. With the smell of her mush filling he air and the smell of her cloudy pheromones fills the air and alps would smell it the most as he was the closest. The bear would be getting closer and closer to the final climax.
the bear would keep a the thrusting the thy building up inside he large storage tank next to alps  and the smell coming from the vents on the tank would be extremely thick and a bit cloudy as it pushes into his nose. She keeps the heavy thrusting motion up with it growing even father and faster along with her heart rate as more and more blood pushes around her lust filled body. She starts doing a very fast very deep micro thrusting to the toy making her pant out and drool more leaking very heavy amounts of pre into the tube. The vibrator would be right in the happy onto the bear and alps turning it to max sends it vibrator into overdrive sending her over the edge. She sands her shaft so far into the toy the head of her cock poke si tithe tube. Her balls compress as the thick load rises from her shaft head. It fills to the tube and rushes into the tank. Her female slit would start to contract and tighten writhe vibrator pushing it deeper deeper into her spot. A rush of female juices explode just after the sperm started erupting from her bear cock. She covers the ground behind her and the tank to the brim. She relaxes on the stand she mounted and pants deeply..
Brakes out the braces.
ignores the shame in favor of empowerment.
Waves to Terran.
goes to the bar for a hard cider.
sniffs bookers ice cream it being my favorite flavor.
sits and eats the ice cream because food. She pats next to her and smiles.
sits up tall next to boomer tail waging excitedly.
opens wide obediently .
he bear scoops ice cream up in her maw and she kisses you deeply sharing the ice cream with a feral wet kiss.
plays with your tongue enjoying the flavor.
he bear pushes a tube between their lips and fills their mass the whiled cream from a can while her tongue coils around his tongue.
the wolf laps up the cream payfully.
the bear breaks the kiss leaving them looking like they just inhaled cum.
the bear smiles and hugs you.
nuzzles her neck.
licks his nose and smiles.
smiles and licks her ear playfully.
the bear rumbles and puts her paw on his crotch and kneads heavy.
Offers popcorn.
moans quietly in her ear as his member grows from her kneading.
the bear wraps her soft warm paw pads Aldine his growing cock and begins to pump up and down his shaft grinning. She moves his hand to her wet leaking soft slit.
the bear let's out a very soft moan as he plays with her very soft warm clit. She leaks more and more on his licking her lips. The hungry bear lowers her head to lick at his shaft.
points to the couch.
Sits, watches and noms on my popcorn.
pushes two fingers inside her wet leaking slit whimpering as she licks his shaft.
he bear let's out a very warm huff of air around his cock making her moan out even more. Her pussy would contract a small amount around his fingers soaking his fur with her feral fem juices. She wraps her feral lips around his shaft head and gently suckles like a hungry bear.
the wolf would moan as he repositioned his mouth under her little slit so he could take it in his maw and lick generously.
the bear would help with the position and grip swim his body around and lay him back down so their in a 69 position. She sinks his entire shaft into her maw and suckles greedily while he laps at her sweet tasting honey jucies.
the wolf moans as she suckles on his shaft pushing his tongue inside her and rubbing his nose on her clit.
the wolf would moan loudly starting to pant as her tounge wraps around his cock unable to concentrate due to his enjoyment.
the bear keeps bobbing up and down his cock her pussy grins a little while fem juices push from her tight slit. She rubs her tongue along his cock head bobbing her head along his shaft. She takes him down her throat and deep throats.
The wolf Howls as Pre starts to leak from his cock head.
watches from the bushes.
tasting his pre she shoves all the cock she can down her throat and swallows pulling and contracting on his shaft. The bear throat covers his tender skin with warm slimy drool.
The wolf buries his maw in her slit as his hips buck up into her throat.
fapfapfapfapfap.
the bucking would bulge her throat out while she gulps down his shaft contracting and rippling down his amazing shaft. When his snot pushes into her pussy she climaxes right into and all over his muzzle.
Licking it up the wolf Howls as he explodes into her maw.
large bulges slip down her throat as she gulps back the load. She takes his cock from her mouth and pants.
the wolf curls up next to her and closes his eyes.
the bear snuggles him and smiles.
the wolf smiles slowly falling asleep.
gives him a kiss and takes him to bed.
curls up in her arms.
takes him to her bed and tucks him in.
snuggles into the blankets.
Offers popcorn to Ruby.
waits for her own.
lifts the gallon of cum.
Noms and nods.
passes you the honey hinted sweet bear sperm.
passes a second jug.
poors you a drink.
the bear smiles watching you with a smile.
hugs the bunny.
the bear melts and murrs.
the bear watches this and murrs rumbling.
the bear rumbles deeper and looks at the bunny. She looks away.
her fur was super soft warm and it pushes between his fingers.
he bear smiles setting him next to her. She lays down and sets him next to her large belly.
he bear murrs out deeply and looks back at the bunny.
the bear belly was very tubby and the fur pushes though his fine and onto his skin. She rumbles deeply looking into his eyes.
she gives him bear puppy eyes.
he bear smiles wide as the bunny got onto her soft warm tubby bear belly. She kneads his sides and back with her massive forepaws.
plugs to this and click again for my fun.
yawns a large werewolf yawn.
occasionally a fennec.
turns head in confusion?.
paranoia sets in and she pants.
kneads a stress ball.
the bear grabs him and snuggles him tight murring.
Loosens the grip so he can breath and smiles nibbling on his fur.
smiles and grooms you a bit.
smiles closing her eyes while she grooms the cub.
the hear smiles and holds him closer to her furry chest.
the bear watches the tiger stretch out and yawn always curious about other species and anthros. She watches and smiles as the feline gives her warm soft musky fur a few good rubs. She was in the morning state of arousal and anyone within a few feet could smell a good amount of that arousal  coming from her massive brown bear body. She yawns again sitting down next to the feline and plus hung her cold wet snout to his side. She starts making little circles in the feline fur using her nose working up and down his side eyes closed.
The bear had a strange mix of a thick musk and a cloudy thick sweet pheromones coming from her rear. The bear was a herm as she laid down the bear morning wood was shown along with the glistening lips of her female sex. Just about her day with a bear that has overly active hormones. The smell was strong as she lays down next to him and lays her heada on his chest.
the bear looks up to see he rosy red spots on his muzzle and she smiles looking into his eyes. The feral pushes her snout to his snout and gently licks his lips right under his feline nose. The bear takes a small sniff and slowly her nose moves down to sniff at his growing member. This makes her produce even thicker stronger smells as the bear's arousal grows stronger. She huffs hot humid air on his  crotch. She looks up and licks her lips gently pushing his right hand down where he was looking. She does that while licking slowly up and down his neck.
The bear keeps her thick wet tongue on his neck dragging it up and down his fur coating it with her warm drool. Her pink warm wet slit was wet and soft to the touch and very loose to his fingers and they do become covered in the thick warm female bear juices. The smell of pheromones over powered the smell of her must as she starts getting wetter..
The bear groans and moans out as he pushes his fingers into her feral pussy making her wetter and wetter. The bear pants lifting her snout from his neck pulling his hand from her slit. She moves her body over him and grins. The bear pulls him right into a vey deep wet slobber filled feral bear kiss. Her tongue coils around his tongue dragging along it and pushing out on the inside of his cheeks. The bear starts rubbing his thick needy shaft along the lips of her needy female sex. She doesn't take long to sink his full cock right I wet very soft honey pot she had and start to ride him slowly. Having powerful hind legs let her take him deep and take him fast.
Moaning and huffing into his mouth breaks the kiss. She starts panting above him while SF it the hangs from her thick long bear muzzle swaying from side to side drool dripping from the tongue and her thick long black lips that go around her muzzle. Her love tunnel was becoming tighter and tighter around his shaft rubbing every inch of his rider throbbing doing in a very wet warm stretched out female bear sex. She starts taking him faster and faster. The faster she goes the tighter and wetter she gets leaking onto his balls and crotch. Her own feral sheath would be throbbing slightly. Her head would be pointing up to the sky while she huffs puffs and moans..
the bear sex would become tighter and tighter around his thick throbbing feline cock. The pre teases her walls into becoming super tight around his cock while  she shoves him deeper and deeper into her needy pussy. Gaps out when it thrusts into her but when she feels the hot flow of his sperm she let's out a deep roar climaxing around his shaft. After both climaxed she flops down on his body panting out.
smiles standing up she pulls out and waves him to follow her as she pads over to the bar to find a honey tasting drink. She finds one and watches the group with a raised right eyebrow. The feral was confused and a little concerned.
watching the feral bear sniffs the air a small amount wanting to fine anything that would tell her what is going on as she was very confused. She drinks more thinking maybe that would tell her in the long run as she watches the going on.
being ignored by the large canine she slips away and goes back to the bar for more honey drinks.
the bear jumps on front of kiba again and roars to see if that works.
the bear murrs out wrapping her forepaws around the canine smiling murring her chest rumbling. She starts taking his chest fur into her maw and she starts grooming it too murring more and more.
the her smiles wide and jumps off the canine looking back as she stands on all fours giving the canine a great view of the feral bear's needy pussy and her tight pink pucker.
the bear whimpers a small amount watching he hose he was giving her. Thick female bear juices would start to leak from her pink folds while she gets more and more aroused from the show he was putting on. Her own ten inches would become hard and leak into the ground. Her overpowering pheromones fill the air and the strong canine nose would be assaulted by the thick warm smell.
the huge bear groans as as she feels he massive canine on her long furry back. She was held down onto the ground and under him her chest rumbles as much as his chest does but but she was a faster lighter rumbling as se canine on her back. The bear could smell his three cocks and she moans out as the try to push into her tight holds. Her pussy was at warm and loose while her pucker was vey tight and warm. The bear lifts her head as her balls are suckled on making her gasp loudly making her very loose for his cocks. Her pre tastes like sweet honey as more and more drips from her throbbing member. The bear forces her boy back trying to get more of his cocks inside her.
a shiver runs down her spine.
the bear groans out to how easy he slides his two massive cocks right into her cunt stretching and pulling it to the limit with he two canine cocks. Her female sex would be really tight wet and warm around the two cocks while he very stretched folded rub along his tender skin. The one cock pushing into her tight warm smooth pucker makes her bite her lips while she pants. The sucking on her long ten inch cock makes her leak a large amounts of pre down the snake's throat. Her four inch thick shaft throbs and pulses into its mouth and throat. Feeling the thin fangs sinking into her bear balls plus right into her leg she grunts and groans deeply becoming tight around the cocks inside her as the toxins flood into her blood stream and set off her sexual drive. He can feel and smell that he put her into a chemically induced heat and she can now become pregnant from fertilization. She pants moaning out as she fallen to heat not fighting anything he does..
the bear yells.
the bear winks with her right feral eye.
the bear would be panting away deeply while the serpent on her thick throbbing cock bobs it's head and throat on her shaft making her moan out and her balls would compress as she gets ready to climax. The bear let's out a deep roar as the drool singes and burns the skin on her back making the flood gates open. Her balls let loose a torrent of sperm deep inside the serpent throat her cunt becomes super tight around his shafts and her anus clamps down too as she climaxes hard on his cocks covering them with a bed she waits for the spend unload into her wombs..
the bear cunt locks around his knots and her anus clamps down on the knot too and she groans as her belly swell out her belly only a foot from the ground as he pumps her full her sperm. The bear chuckles art he female drinking her cum without her knowing and how good alps put it makes her smile as he last drops of sperm pain from her cock and into the serpent. She pants and falls on her bell making a loud sloshing sound as she is full of fertile sperm..
the bear groans feeling thick hot goo rushing deeper and deeper into her large intestine and rushing through her small intestine filling her stomach. She belches some up but murrs out deeply to the amazing Taste she looks at Ricco and smile winking.
huffs and pads to the bar then to drink.
the bear was chugging honey as the induced heat would give her massive mood swings from time to time and she huffs chugging the whole jar.
the bear belches under her breath and leans her body on his the sperm still very warm inside her with her fur on her neck burnt off and skin scared.
she winces when he touches the burn and she gulps.
the massive bear melts onto his lap from the healing sensation her rumble deeply as he grooms her wound. She pants a bit her belly still bulges out from the load. She snuggles on his lap.
rolls to her side letting him rub her bloated hot belly fur. She starts panting as the load was over heating her body a small amount and she closes her yes.
he bear says in a calm soothing mother bear voice.
the bear snuggles on the canine leaving her be.
the bear grumbles as she was trying to be nice and was pushed off like annoying bug.
gets up and pads back to her tree and climbs it so she can be alone for a while.
looks at the people down on the ground from her tree sniffing and watching them. Her brown fur mixes with the wood of the tree keeping her hidden unless you could smell or look closely for her blue and green markings.
the bear looks down and smiles looking into his eyes while she stands up and climbs down next to him. She yawns but snuggles up.
Looks at the tags on her collar.
the feral smiles and knew her right massive forepaw murring out.
the bear nods and smiles.
the bear slowly pads over to silver and sniffs him a small amount. She can small how he went fully loving or an full animal and she smiles sitting down next to him.
flails arms wildly.
lyes down in the middle of the floor and flops around like a dead fish.
hugs her master.
the bear sit did a next to him leaning on him a bit.
sits and leans on him more and more needing his side gently .
was sitting next to her master leaning on him eyes closed.
the bear looks down after the tap and nods. She murrs to the licking of her cheek and she licks back on his snout.
being a bi more gentle on his growing shaft her tongue gently coils around the tender rod and pumps slowly while she soaks his cock with her silky feeling warm bear drool. Her head struts tiling from side to side.
having her tongue covering his cumslit the bear shoves half his cock down her throat and swallows hard around it bobbing plus rotating her head on his rod sucking harder.
the bear let's her master take control and start tot throat fuck her fast. Her neck fur bulges out to the thrusting cock. Her smooth skin of an esophagus contracts and ripples down his shaft Asher stomach begs for the meal.
the bear gulps down the load murring and panting as she pops her mouth from his shaft and she looks up.
she takes him to a very large dog style bed under a tree covered by a tent.
Streaks around then jumps out a window.
 Relaxes on a sofa. Yawns..
Fallls asleep..
 Pops in my ear buds and lays back on the sofa..
walks over and leans over him stairing qat him while he lays with eyes closed un aware of me.
 Rndomly opens my eyes to see you looking at me, i look back, popping an ear bud out..
 I sit up leaving a spot for you to sit.* Sorry if i hogged it too long..
 I smile and lay back down, Puttting my head in your lap..
slightly embaressed she stroked his head.
 I blush a bit, my blood red fur turning purple with blush on my lion face. I smooth back my mohawk with one paw..
 she placed her paw on his muzzle and rubed gently.
 I say and smile as you rub my muzzle. YOu can hear me purring softly..
she mumbles softley to herself trying not to show her lack of self controll as she slicked her lips slowly and began to stroke the fur on your chest.
 I close my eyes and purr loudly now, not sure why the beautiful female was giving me such nice affection and complements. But I dont linger on such thoughts for long and enjoy my self. I murr and stretch my self..
i continue to stroke his fur and slowly my paw moved slower down his body to his lower abdomen.
 I give a little murr s your paw moves lower, my eyes shut and a plesant expression on my face. I shiver a bit turning my head to your belly and giving a pit of a nuzzle..
 Gollom Voice.
smiles and moves lower fondling him threw his pants.
 I gasp a bit and moan my eyes opening to look up at you. I blush deeply feeling you hand on me through my black jeans. You could feel my bulge swell a bit as you felt me up.* I guess not. You sure are friendly. * One of my paws comes up and cups your breast softly..
she slid her paw into his tight black jeans wiggling past his waistband and started fondoling his length.
 I moan louder now as you stuff your paw down my pants and start stroking and playing with my emerging shaft. It indeed grows bigger, my pants becomming very tight.* G-guess that means you better take my pants off hu? * I slip that paw under your shitr and pull and tug on your soft nipple as i lick your belly..
 i stop you and slip out from under you as you lay on the sofa i get on top with my ass in your face i slowly unzip your pants and pull them down to your knees.
 My head flops back on the sofa as you remove your self and pland your rear in my face. My simi erect cock springs out as you pull down my pants eagerly. I run my paws up your legs and pull your sun dress up. I murr smelling your hot female sent, your bair rear and Pussy now open to me. * Don't mind if i do.* I dive right in, Stuffing my muzzle up in to you all at once my tongue spredding your pussy lips as i run it up through your sex. I moan loving your taste..
i arch my back and flinch forwrard.
in retaliation i grab your cock and begin to stroke its length slowly breathing heavy breaths on the tip and teasing the opening.
 i chuckle and moan a bit, my cock now rock hard and trobbing for you. I push my hips up as you tease my cum slit. I pull back from you blushing deepy.* S-sorry Foxie i got carried away. Mmh. * i slowy push my muzzle back to where it was. I give your snatch a soft kiss before my tongue starts exploring your folds again. My paw comming up to give that little love nub some atention while my tongue pushes deep inside you. My cock drools a bit of pre on to your tongue as you tese me..
i lose strength in my arms and drop down otno you my face  and muzzle right up aginst your gerth*  aahh... god damn it... * i start to get wet leakin all over your toung, i then grab your cock and start to lick the shaft slowly in long strokes from the hilt to the tip each tim i reach the tip i suckle your head and use my toung to teas your hole tasting your suculant precum.
 I prr and moan loving your reactions to my affection> I growl playfully my paws rubbing your ass as I lick and slurp on you, y thumb rubbing that love button. I strt to pant a bit from your own affections, loving the sensation of your wet tongue on my ten inch shaft, more pre dribbling out as you suckle and lick on me. I murr, rolling my hips my other paw slideing between thoes wonderful ass cheeks and using yet another finger, i push it in to your pussy as i lick and eat you out..
 i place my lips on your tip and slowly push it into my mouth past my gums and down into the beginings of my throte.
 I moan loudly the spines on the end of my shaft biginning to bristle at your touch. My rough feline tongue licks at your inner walls and the tuft on the end of my tail twitches back and fourth, my tongue darting in and out of you..
hides under a rock watching feeling bad for what happened last night.
 trying to speek with your saft now deep down my throte as i try to breath carefully and swing my toung around it in a circular motion back and forth and i grab your balls to fondle them gently and play with the fur on your sack.
hides under her rock to whimper a small amount.
 I growl and moan as you suddenly deep throat me. i grind my hips up in to your muzzle, the sand paper feeling only on the tip of my shaft. I lick and slurp on you faster pumping two fingers in and out of you quickly, my thumb still working that nub faster,.
my insides tighten up and cinvulse on your finger as i quickly pull your cock out of my mouth.
 say lifting up one of your legs and getting out from under you, my cck bobs and throbbs between my legs and i stroke my self idly.* Choose your position foxie. * I say that smile still on my face..
i get up and lean over the coutch with my hands on the back of the sofa and on my knees on the sofa seat with my ass out.
 i giggle  with a very teasing voice.
 I growl softly comming up behind you and rubbing my fat cock between your soft cheeks for a moment hotdogging you before using my paw and squatting just a little bit to line my self up with your dripping sex. You feel my tip poke between your folds and i groan eeling your inner walls closing in around me. My other paw on your hip i push into you slowly not wanting to hurt you at all. My cock slipping in to you i hunch over a bit reaching forward and taking one of your breasts in my paw..
reaching behind me with one paw and holding your muzzle close to me as tighten my insides on your intensley large cock and let out a howleing yelp.
 With that, I ram my self the rest of the way in to you as hard as i can. I reach up taking a paw full of your hair and tug, as i begin fucking you like you wanted. I start at a fast pace not bothering to hold my self back. I huff and growl my hips slapping your ass as i breed you there on the sofa..
i start to swing my hips back and forth keeping up with your rythm and slapping my ass aginst your hips, i feel your balls swining and slapping my clit with each thrust.
 I rock my hips faster and harder now, tugging your hair a little harder, but not enough to hurt to bad. My pre leaks in to you and my spines prickle your inner walls. i pull your hips back in to mine fucking you hard and fast..
 i bring my legs together and tighten down even more as i detract my claws aND DIG THEM INTO THE SOFA RIPING HOLES INTO IT.
 I grunt hard and start to buck my hips in to you even harder. my thrusts becoming wild as plow in you yo harder and harder, letting go of your hair and putting both paws on your hips. I feel that familliar tugging sensation from deepwithing my guts. I pant and try to hold my self back, wanting you to cum first..
i put my muzzle into the sofa and bite down onto the cushins as i shake and  release, cumming hard enough to almost push your cock out of me.
 Feeling the resistnce of your orgasem i pushin to you hard! Bucking and buckling as i cum with you, I hilt my self inside you and pull your hips in to me hard as i begin to fill you with my hot lion seed. I roar out as my orgasem spools out inside you..
my body starts to loosen and go limp as i faceplant into the sofa, my body spazzing and twitching.
 I hold my self inside you for a few more moments as i finish. I pant hard and my legs shake as i hunch over your back. After another moment i pull free of you and pick you up, laying down on the couch with you. I wrap my arms around you and pull you close still panting..
i nuzzle you neck and lick your muzzle passionetly.
 I lean in to the lick, my paw comming up around to the back of your neck as i kiss you deeply and passionatly. I break the kiss after a few moments.* I- * pant.
i nod and pass out in your arms.
 I pass out soon after. Holding you tight..
the bear says from under her rock still not sure if she could come out yet.
is now know as rock bear. And she stands up to look around. She knows the lion is busy and she looks for something interesting and someone who was still fresh like she was.
glides down to land a short distance away from the rock, having seen movement from the sky, landing with a soft thump.
the bear perks her ears as she hears the thump on the rock she was just under. She wasn't far and she looks back looking at Terran. The large brown furry bear wasn't hard to miss in the sea of tree grass around her. She grunts at the dragon.
he chuckles a bit, padding over to the sea of grass and bending his neck down to look at the big bear.
looking at him the bear sniffs a bit as he pads right over to her. She stands and faces him looking at his snout and not his eyes. "We are just rare I know a fun polar bear I I might drag onto her and he is feral like me". She smiles moving to slowly rub her fur along his leg.
he watches the bear, rumbling a bit as she dragged her fur along him.
looks up at him and she smiles a small amount. "Oh why is that". She winks at him as she was still in a chemically induced heat and she starts pouring her smells out near the bigger male. It wasn't in her control it was a reaction.
the bear turns to say to the left head.
looks back and smiles.
sniffs at the air, looking down at the bear, grinning a bit.
he chuckles and lays down on his chest to be eye level with the bear.
he chuckles and licks at her cheek.
the bear fur was warm wet and had a small amount of honey hinting to it as she was on her cheek and that was right next to her maw. She was a messy honey eater always getting honey on her muzzle making a mess on her chest fur belly fur making knots and matting her fur in the sticky goo but she liked the golden stuff to death and she would always eat it. She looks back up and nods after thinking about her rant. She shifts her Waugh and nods to him. "The feeling of heat is like a stinging burning but not a hurt but a needy burn the burn that drives you to look for something it makes you smell the musk or pheromones more it makes he smallest smell drive you insane and being a feral it makes me produce my own. And the only way to sooth the burn Is the thick rich cream of a load. Sperm it soothes the burn and stops me from being so smelly for a good few hours to a day". The bad was pushing even more smells from the male's lick on her cheek matting her fur. "I mean I found you"..
he nuzzles into the side of the bear, feeling the warm fur brush against his hard scales, a delight to him as he did so, before pulling away and poking his tongue out at the bear, the smell of honey coming from her along with the stench of heat* "Then perhaps this dragon can help stave off the heat, cool you down for a while with his own rich, thick load of cream~" *he smiles down at the bear, his tail flicking behind him idly.
the bear being a huge tease to the poor dragon she grins and nods feeling the hard scales as she rubs her hick warm very soft fur along his forelegs while she murrs out. Her wet warm tongue slips from her maw and lands on his right foreleg to gently start dragging along his scales and down his right foreleg to the paw and she gives his paw pads a few nibbles. Pressing her paw to his lips she hushes him saying he needs to let he bear have her fun. She grins and slowly pads down to his side but she rubs her leaking bear pussy on his paw leaking a good amount of bear female juices for him to do what he wishes with. Keeping her chubby furry side to his scaly side she rubs her body down his side moving around the dragon rubbing down to his tail cons she grins poking his tail tip a few inches into her female sex thrusting his tail into her cunt a bit before padding around back to him rubbing her fur on his other side her pussy dripping and leaking behind him as she has a sexual drive in her eyes. The bear sits down and lowers her snout to her folds sucking some of the sweet juices into her mouth and kissing him deeply on the muzzle sharing the taste. The fem juices tasted like sweet honey her forepaws holding each side of his dragon snout.
rumbles out as he feels the bear rubbing against him, the fur again quite good against his scales, when he suddenly felt that paw hit his mouth, murring a bit when he felt her tongue lick his leg. He suddenly felt the warm heat of the bear's slit against him, shortly followed by the feeling of those juices landing on his scales, seeping between them as it did, causing him to spin his head around and try to lap it away, preventing the scent from staying, but was soon interrupted as he let out a yelp, his tail tip being used by the bear to please herself, his reflex making him thrust it up into her a bit. After those events, he settled down a bit as he licked away his paw and tail, but when he looks forward, he suddenly feels himself kissing the bear, a rather delicious taste in the kiss making him tilt his head a bit to lock lips with her, murring into the kiss.
the bear yawns and pads in.
runs into a treee.
grunts trying to get someone to notice her.
looks at the sign and tilts her head reading it.
unwraps a Twinkie .
the bear pads away from the sign and looks at the Twinkie padding right up to houzie.
the bear sneaks her snout to the Twinkie and tries to take if from his hands.
the bear takes the Twinkie and runs off eating it.
swallows the food and grins pointing to the sign.
smiles laying down.
gets the crazy one off her back and sniffs for more food on the person.
waves to her master.
the bear looks around and licks the Twinkie cream from her lips.
the bear lowers her ears when he taps her nose and she looks up and gulps.
the bear looks at his lap and she smiles moving her body to his lap and she sits down leaning her back on his chest and belly.
leans her head on his chest closing her yes as he pets her soft warm head.
the bear starts to rumble and murr deeply while he I a her very soft warm head. She spins around so his belly was to her belly. She wraps all four legs around him and rests her paws on his back her head still on his chest.
the bear lays on him and grabs him Rollin over having him right on her belly while she holds him tight and firm to her soft body.
the bear smiles holding he master kneading his back.
and is laying on the bear.
she says padding around.
Sighs and flops down onto an empty couch..
sits on the couch too, letting out a long sigh.
Turned his attention to the one who sat with him and spoke.
looks around curiously.
 The bear shrugs and smiles moving to the belly rubs as his paws rub along her fur. She wiggles a bit closer to him as to let him have a better view and a better angle at her belly.
the herm was a bit hard from the sniffing and him rubbing her huge big belly.
the bear feels his two heads latching onto her crotch teats and sucking her thick warm creamy rich milk that has a honey hinted taste to it. The bear cock wasn't too salty having the same sweet taste too it. The bear gasps wit the muzzle around her shaft making out moan out and grow fully hard inside his maw.
The bear loss he warm sensation around she hick soft warm throbbing leaking shaft. She moans out More as he kneads her belly and breasts to get more milk. The flow of milk increases even more making the bear pant.
the bear starts to pant more and more grinning being a hard to please bear but she was loving it so much. Holding her climax back to build she tells out of the heads that she wants a nice wet kiss. Her milk gets a bit thicker making her pant more her mouth wide open.
the bear pants and smiles saying what ever head can come down and give her a deep kiss. She winks and says she still has more holes to play with and would love the tails to join in.
the bear looks at he head moving to her mouth and she gets ready. She opens her mouth wide and the muzzle into a deep feral wet locked kiss drooling in and over his muzzle. Her tongue plays deep inside his maw. Her milk keeps flowing while pre starts being sucked out. Her pink folds are wet warm and sweet. Her tail hole is tight but easy to push into.
the bear shivering a small amount her holes being filled and played with while her long rod throbs heavy in a throat am maw. She sucks on the thick tongue inside his mouth while she gets closer and closer to climax.
flops on the sofa to watch the action..
uncaps a black marker. My tiny tongue sticking out mischievously.
snores in the corner through his blowhole, eyes closed, face tipped down, sprawled out on a couch.
waits for you then beside a tree hard as a rock leaking pre and her female sex would be leaking too.
I cap my marker and put it in my pocket before I wiggle myself out of my pj bottoms. My half erect cock hanging down a tad as I come up and approach the tree on all fours. Standing before you at about 3'10 I grin wide to the large bearess..
he bear grins looking at the cock partly hanging out and she smiles looking right to him and she lays down on her side pointing to her thick grinning shaft. While she points her snout lowers so she can nuzzle his cock tip with her cold wet bear nose.
I tilt my head to the side. Obliviously curious to the feral bear commands.
I lay down next to her. My now almost fully hard cock nudging her cheek a bit. My face a tad flustered I look up at her large tip. Reaching my tongue out to lap softly at the Pre oozing out.
the bear shudders a small amount the the cute tongue lapping at her cock cum slit. She takes his whole cock right into her mouth and suckles on Ymir gently while bobbing her head. More pre leaks onto your tongue.
the bear bears the sound he makes making her grin from ear to ear. The bear starts bobbing her had up and down his cock faster and faster while her head rotates slowly from side to side. Her shaft shoots pre into his throat while it throbs in his maw. She bucks not wanting to but being so aroused she does. The hub king tries to get it deeper.
 A leg breaks in the background..
the bear was sleeping on her back snoozing away still. She had her own morning would pulsing in the wi dairy the smell of her morning arousal filling the air around her too.
the bear let's out a deep gasp as she feels her warm wet slit being licked. She looks up with a yawn and stands up stretching. She looks at his cocks and nuzzles down their shafts.
the massive bear was slow getting on him as he was licking deep along the folded wet sensitive walls deep inside her pussy making I harder to move. She opens her mouth with and it unhinged a bit as she takes all three cocks into her moth and down her throat.
the bear neck fur bulges out to the thick three cocks inside her throat. The outline of the there shafts would be on her neck fur. She gulps down hard around the three cocks dragging her thick warm tongue all and around he shafts while she vibes and rotates her head. The bear cut would stretch deep with his tongue. She soaks his tongue with her sweet femcum making her pant on his cocks. The tight bear pucker opens up and he can push deeper into her thigh tunnels.
she pads over to nuzzle.
is trying to be more cute.
the bear looks away her heart not able to take so my cute.
plays with your paws, putting it on mymuzzle and smile.
watches and smiles sniffing his side a small amount.
Spins your wheel.
Sprays with whip cream.
looks at herself.
Yawns then faceplants.
Whispers* Okay. ;3; *Gets hit by an unattended shovel.
pats bookers nose.
sniffles and looks away.
pokes his belly.
Squeaks then sinks into the ground.
runs around and tries to find a shovel.
hit cutely blight head softly.
Playfully noms on your arm.
charges at the fox and jumps on him pinning him on to the ground jumping him.
Frenzied arm motions.
humps his body.
watches carefuly.
rolls off and lays next to the fox licking and nomming his ear playfully.
Releases the escape mechanism, a slightly shorter version of me burrows into the ground.
tilts her head looking at the hole in the ground sniffing it. She tilts her head and shrugs walking away.
searches the hole.
Pops my head out from the other side.
runs after him and smiles.
tries to catch him.
Flicks my tongue then burrows back down.
pushes her snout as far down the hole she can sniffing it.
Pops up then dresses Hindai as myself.
jumps on Hindai and hugs.
Hues as I waddle away wearing my shark costume.
chases the shark finding it more interesting.
giggles and hugs Fernando tightly.
Waves my fins* Screee!  *Runs up a tree.
the bear jumps on the tree and climbs up behind him.
Jumps out of tree, still flapping my fins, lands in a lagoon.
watches the two, wondering when he'd give up because Hindai knew the bear wasn't going to any time soon.
the bear slides down and jumps into the lagoon swimming and pushing herself through. Bears have massive swimming paws band powerful muscles.
Appears behind Hindai.
giggles and hugs tight.
keeps chasing the twin panting.
Noms on some popcorn as I keep watching.
smell the popcorn and eyes he real one licking her lips.
the bear starts running at the real one her body soaked with water.
runs towards blight, giggling.
Makes a boulder shelter.
looks at the shelter and sniffs it.
jumpson him and hugs, rolling around before he could escape.
huffs and flicks blight on the nose and pads off.
Rubs my nose as I am apparently rolling (?), derp face.
throws cake at the fox.
rubs his nose on yours, gigling.
feels of she was done and she pads away from the two.
My now cake covered nose rubs against yours, getting frosting on you.
sits and yawns.
licks your face lightly.
Raises an eyebrow then grabs a handful with my paw, smears it across your muzzle.
noses at the bear.
rubs my muzzle on your chest, trying to clean myself. he smiles at you, with a mouth and muzzle full of cake.
looks at the one nosing her and she huffs.
noms on a log.
the bear would roll around on the ground unaware of the need so she keeps playing away.
the bear wakes up and pads over to the peoples to sniff.
I giggle and nuzzles your cheek.
she pads away but had a small grin on her muzzle.
I smile from your giggle as I rub your head gently.
the bear makes a circle around the two wanting to join in on the snuggles. She pads up behind the two and pushes her muzzle in and lays her head on their shoulders murring and wrapping her forepaws around them.
folds her ears back and huffs moving her head away. She doesn't say anything and keeps her head down moving away from the two. She curls up next to a tree and hides her face.
was a sad bear. Only wanted to give hugs.
the bear stands up and slowly moves over to zack and she stands up onto her hind legs and she wraps her thick powerful forelegs around him laying her massive forepaws on his back pulling him into a firm bear hug.
The Giraffe wrapped his arms around the bears neck and embraced this powerful beast and gave it a good tight hug.
The Giraffe wrapped his arms around the bears neck and embraced this powerful beast and gave it a good tight hug.
the canine just watched the assortment of mutual bliss happen around the bar and all he can hope for is no one starts having sex on the counter. .
He looked down to the bear* My names Zack. Nice to meat you Booker. *He patted at her head messing with the fur he gets in his hands.
the ten foot long five foot tall 2400 pound bear smiles more and more leaning her head onto him murring out from the amazing rubs of he soft thick brown fur. She let's go and sits next to him.
Zack took a seat next to the bear and ended up flopping onto his back and stretching..
he was lost for a moment* Oh! You have nice eyes and a cute muzzle. You know how to use that this. *He winked back at the bear. Add a bit of flirtyness to his words.
Asking as my hand begin to stroke her ears and gently tug on them.
Asking as my hand begin to stroke her ears and gently tug on them.
the rubbing of her ears and the tugging on them make the bear moan out and she nods looking into his eyes. She moves her forepaws to pull and clothing off his crotch and she pulls his firmness out to nuzzle and nose her way up and down the shaft sniffing it.
feeling her nuzzle his erection became stiffer..
The bear looks at the cock and she grins rubbing her snout up and down he thick throbbing shaft and she murrs letting her tongue push into he shaft and drag along every inch of it.
does that and lays her head on the bar table.
the bear licks alps on her lap and she smiles letting his head.
is just a crazy bear.
He aproched the bar as he rested his head onto his arms.
He twisted the cap and proceeds to take a drink..
gnaws on her lunch.
rolls around.
Walks up to the Bear and gives belly rubs.
murrs out showing the soft warm bear belly.
pants a small amount looking at him. She licks his arm and nibbles.
Takes his hands and placed them onto her muzzle.
looks at the hands and stares at them. She wiggles her nose a bit mouth open panting.
He looked over and began to play with the bears ears.
The bear huffs and makes a small moan as her ears are rubbed and played with. She goes a bit lose.
Smirks and continues to play with the bears ears and using his thumbs to stroke the tips.
the bear pants a bit from the ear rubbing making her moan more and more as she licks her lips looking at him.
He asked tugging at the bears ears slight roughly..
the head moans out to the tugging and she pants.
He pulled her ears down by the tips and circulates his thumbs in tiny circles.
the bear leans on him panting eyes closed moaning a small amount. She like her lips as her tip pokes from her sheath.
he rubbed her head and smiled..
flops down and pants going limp.
stroked her head and have her a small kiss to her cheek.
she kisses back and yawns a bit.
waves from the bar.
the bear leans her head back and she murrs deeply waving to hem both with her mouth open a bit.
she let's out a soft moan leaning on him now rubbing his side.
the bear lays limp on the ground moaning out as she starts growing aroused from the amazing sensation.
she moans out more laying on her back. The ear rubbing over loads her mind and her shaft small becomes hard and leaks pre heavy into her belly.
cuddles Houzie .
yawns nodding.
yawns and flops onto her beanbag with her ass sticking out.
Watched the vixen* "Someone is still sleepy..
wakes up slowly with a hangover.
walks over to the bar.
i drink it down and shiver.
The Giraffe smiled at both Wolf's and rested his head onto his hands..
luppy wakes up looking around confused.
Walks in yawning loudly.
lies down on a large bean bag chair and curls up.
 he said smiling.
the bear slowly wakes up and yawns wide standing up to stretch. She looks at the bunny and smiles "I am good how about you". She pads around a bit waking up.
wakes up in the bean bag chair.
looks at the bunny and tilts her head sniffing a small amount. The ten foot long five foot tall bear pads over to the bunny and sits down next to him and waves back to Ryan and smiles a bit.
sits next to you guys.
sits at the bar.
yawns and flops off the bar and huffs a bit rolling around.
Flops next to you.
goes back to bed.
she gets her chew toy from her bed and pads back in to lay down in a random spot making a good amount of noise.
waves to mina and pads over to her and drops the toy laying next to her with a yawn.
lays her head on mina's stretched out belly.
the bear rumbles and murrs deeply moving her large body closer to the female relaxing a good amount. "maybe you are or maybe i just like warm bellies"..
the bear curls around the female and smiles.
Walks on over.
Grins and leans over.
snuggles everyone on a nice warm fur pile.
waves from the bar. .
walks over to the bar.
waves to the newcomer, and others~.
pokes her head in.
 Finds a bean bag to flop on. Yawns deeply..
debates if he wants to leave the chat cause of inactivity of himself in it.
I puff my cheeks out a bit at kiba but listen anyway. Looking up at Mina with large grateful eyes.
sips his drink.
sees you at the door.
the bear yawns wide and slowly pads into the room eyes closed a bit while she slowly walks up to the bar and sits down.
the bear slams her head on the counter making a groaning grumbling sound. The bear lifts her right forepaw onto the counter and huffs looking at him.
the bear huffs and grabs the jar and she starts chugging the stuff back murring.
waves chugging honey.
she lays down in her little area leaving the two alone.
hides away from all the wolves.
the bear pokes her head out from her spot and yawns slowly standing up and looking around. She huffs being a bit on edge as she pads around trying to kill some stress.
looks up and looks behind her looking at thy tree heads sniffing a bit more and huffing a good amount again. She sits down and yawns looking away in a very odd mood.
looks at him as she feels the warm tongue licking up the soft fuzzy cheek of her muzzle. The bar gasps and huffs moaning while he nibbles her very sensitive ears making her go limp while she pants and leans on him.
starts getting stressed out and she stands up with a huff standing next to him. She rolls onto her side trying hard to relax.
he would find nothing wrong with her body but her eyes show she is super stressed out as she darts her eyes from area to area. The bear was stressed and it killed her.
she huffs and stands up not feeling relaxed. She grumbles to herself and pads off to a tree and she starts biting at the bark.
wasn't even looking at the wolf as she had no interest at all. She looks at kiba and sighs leaning her head on his side.
someones desperate the bear thought to herself.
huffs and climbs a tree.
groans at her headache from up in the tree she huffs a bit slowly climbing down and going to Him. She moves up net to him again and rubs her head along his best trying to sooth the pain in her scull. She growing it not helping much but the smell of his musk helping her a small amount. The bear lays in front of the three heads asking if they could groom her.
the bear needs a soothing tongue bath and she hopes this one can give her just that. She huffs a little less while she closes her eyes trying to relax as her legs spread out.
draws a chalk line around the chat.
the bear looks at the three heads lapping down he very musky honey dirty fur. She moans out feeling the hot canine breath moving down her body and her tip pokes from her sheath along her pant he own hot humid bear breath. The bear had a weak spot for rich rancid hot humid bear breath and the three heads breathing onto her body was turning her on.
the bear pants and huffs deeply feeling the grooming on her belly. "I used to be in an special anti poaching task force hunting the worst poachers taking them dead or alive, most came dead". The bear pants and moans deeply her shaft pushing more and more from her sheath until it was hard as a rock. Her fur lays to the drool and he could smell the early shins of heat as she leaks heavy pheromone and a cloudy musk as she becomes aroused. Laying her head back she closes her eyes letting them take over and she give him the to ahead to do what he please to relax her.
lets out a very soft moan feeling the wet warm tongues sliding up and down her thick warm musky shaft. She pants eyes closer leaking pre onto her belly fur.
the bear pants and huffs lifting her head when he said he can smell her slowly going into heat. "Y-you can". She said panting. She bites her lip and climaxes a bit on his nose and tongue as the shock went through her sexual parts. She sprays a bit more of her heat smell out but it was weak only he could smell it right now as you needed to be close.
the smell would be thick to him but to anyone else the air would seem normal. She pants her shaft throbbing heavy inside his maw leaking her thick honey hinted pre while her musky and pheromones fill the air around him and only him. She leaks into both mouths. The bear lays her head back and pants loving his three headed canine.
tilts her head.
doesnt even know what is going on and no one seems to care about her being here so she goes back into hiding for good reason.
the bear was in a very stressed out mood going through mood swings left and right plus having stress from having to match these posts. She huffs deeply going behind a tree and siting down. She thought how people here mostly care for anthros and not ferals like herself and she never knew why so she listens to someone like you by Adele.
was missing her ex.
sighs could use a good hug right about now.
its not hard to miss a lump of a brown bear and she didn't go far.
goes to take a nap.
"Oi, it's sad that the longer you've lived a "soft" life, the more you long to go back to the way things were..."* Mina thought to herself. *"It would be good to see Lucas and Drita again though. Maybe, get a "tune up" of sorts...".
walks in sitting at the bar yawning and looking for coffee.
the bear comes padding into the room wobbling around a small amount. She groans looking at the ground. She huffs her forelegs collapse and she starts pushing her body along the ground. She was dragging her front half using her hind legs to push herself along. Hitting her head off a tree she flops to her side licking her dry lips. "I hate being sick". The bear grumbles to herself as she drinks another gallon of honey. "I also hate mating season". She huffs as she knew it was starting early this year. She grabs her bear pad pro and grunt (spoof to tweets) #bearproblems .
the bear yells out.
not really she is just sleeping.
blushes a bit as you held my paw, holding your's in return, keeping a tight hold on it.
hint hint to sir Iruto wink wink.
Licks lips at the scone* Bless you...*om nom nom.
yawnstreeeetch, waking up from a long night's sleep on the couch to the light commotion of the Saturday morning crowd, sucking in a deep breath, then letting it out through his blowhole, watching coffee being served.
The bear slowly moves into the area panting and huffing. She groans to herself slowly moving around the room. Her season was hitting her male side first making her extremely horny plus moody. She slowly moves around the room sniffing and panting. The bear makes her way to a tree sniffing it. Standing up on her hind legs she starts rubbing her back along the tree leaving a thick musky oil on the tree. Between her hind legs pink pokes from her sheath and it was leaking too. The bear hated this time of the year but also loved it at the same time..
guesses everyone is busy and waits hind legs spread.
sits on her butt waiting.
plays with her claws.
licks my maw looking at new comer.
The Hyena gives him a smirk swaying his tail behind him, tugging at his tight revealing shirt a little.
A streak of blush shoots across Bad's face, he grinned confidently at the dragon watching him prowl.
Gently running his paw along your snout he shivered a little feeling the dragons breath over him, the small Hyena, in his tight black jeans and a shirt that only covered his chest, stared back at the dragon.
Bad blushed and giggled a tad nervously, being wrapped up by the Dragons larger body, he gave a confident smiled hugging on the dragon the best he could.
the Yena giggles to himself leaning up against you.
He blushes a little petting your snout again with his paw.
Bad gasped a little blushing much harder now as he felt your tail slide up between his legs, grinning at you after you lick under his chin.
Bad swayed his tail behind him hugging the paw of the large dragon.
He blushes inhaling a bit of the dragons scent.
he laughs to himself.
The Hyena turns to Flare and waves to her.
Bad grins and bites his lip giggling quietly.
Returns his attention to Flare and smiles* nice to meet ya~ I'm Bad err.. That's my name that is haha *The giggly Hyena swishes his tail happily.
Bad sways his tail and shakes his head, plopping down on the sofa and crossing his legs.
The Hyena watches calmly as you pour your drink.
The Hyena chuckles and stands up seeming to have changed his mind, he makes his way over to the bar and clumsily makes himself a margarita, returning to his seat on the sofa with his drink.
The Hyena giggles and takes a sip of his drink.
the giggly Yena gets lost in thought about pancakes, wagging his tail rather abruptly.
The Hyena downs the rest of his drink setting the glass down gently on the table* with choco*hic.
chuckles to myself.
The Hyena laughs getting a bit loud and smiles over at the new person that entered, waving clumsily.
He gives the dragon a friendly smirk, getting up briefly only to return from the bar with another drink, taking back his spot on the sofa and crossing his legs tightly.
he rubbed his paw over the dragons snout while sipping at his drink.
The Hyena squirmed a little feeling Klyns tongue and breathe over his stomach, nearly spilling his drink as he giggles and pats the male dragons head.
He finishes off his second drink setting the glass down on the table* heheh I need to go to the little Yenas room very briefly, I shall return~! *the Hyena gets up from his seat on the sofa and wanders down the hallway, stumbling a little as the drinks start to catch up to him.
The Hyena returns, reclaiming his pot of the sofa. Appearing to be missing his shirt and a bit sweaty he crosses his legs again and smiles.
The Hyena stares down at himself curiously* oh. It appears I am heheh. *the Hyena scratches behind his head and smiles.
The Hyena gets up and fetches a small can of soda from the bar, cracking it open and taking a sip.
he smirks and takes another sip leaning up against the bar.
he swishes his tail and clumsily waves* also Cerber*hic.
grabs a bottle of Captain Morgan pours a shot and takes it then downs two more the same way .
The Hyena yawns and strolls over to a bean bag chair, plopping down in it and making himself comfy.
The Hyena giggles to himself, laying back into the beanbag chair.
Bad rolls over burying his face into the beanbag, swaying his tail around.
The Hyena speaks muffled into the beanbag chair.
snoring can be heard from the Hyenas direction, appearing to have completely passed out.
The bear pads into the room a little grumpy mumbling and grunting to herself. She slowly moves over to her tree. The tree she covered with a thick musky oil. She lays down on her side huffing to herself. The season was kicking in fast and hard making her very moody at best. She looks around the room laying her head down waiting and watching the room for a bit.
the bear rolls onto her back showing off her very soft light brown under belly. She smiles looking around the room trying to see if anyone was interested in giving this bear in need a few rubs. She lays her head back all four legs spread to add to the cuteness. Even thought she was a ten foot long five foot tall 2400 pound bear. She still tried to be cute.
she huffs laying her head down being left hanging.
the bear watches the dragon move over to her. She smiles wide and stands up nuzzling the dragon's side with her cold wet nose. She was happy to see someone wanted to relax and play with her. She sits down and licks at his right cheek.
being in heat made her moody and bitchy. She huffs at him laying down on her side rolling back onto her back. Her sheath and female sex leaked. She blames the mating season for this. She huffs trying to relax.
the feral rolls her eyes moving her long furry soft body right up to his. She licks his neck and pushes her face into his neck. The herm wraps her forepaws around him pulling herself right up to him. She noses at his neck more eyes closed.
the massive soft bear was a good please to rest his wing. Her soft warm fur presses on the surface of his wing giving it a very warm soft place to rest. She rumbles deeply her chest vibrating a small amount from it. The bear huffs onto his neck playing hot humid air onto his scales. She noses more and more pressing her face onto his scaly neck. She gently grooms his scales loving his hug. The bear wraps her hind legs and paws around him. Using all her thick powerful legs plus her massive forepaws she pulls her body closer. Her fur  and chubby body presses to his scales. She shares her soft fur and warm body.
the bear shivers. The warm humid dragon breath sent pleasure chills down her spine making her gasp and murr. The herm bear grinds herself up down down his belly a bit. He was arousing her very quickly with his actions making her extremely horny. Her being in season made simple snuggling very arousing to the poor bear. She buries her face into his chest panting her hot humid bear breath down his chest. Musk and pheromones leak from her body as a reaction to the arousal she was gaining. Her back fur had a thick rich musk pushing from it. She grumbles to herself knowing these smells pushed from her body. The bear hated it as she just wanted snuggles. But not she had the massive urge to do something about this itch..
Flops onto a big cushion.
a 6'0" Birman cat with long red hair bound in a ponytail with sephiroth bangs looks around quietly and sits in a corner on his own, fidgeting, looks to be somewhere in his 30s.
waves timidly, ears flicking lightly as he hugs his knees to his chest.
rubs his head awkwardly.
he nods and looks down, eyes scanning the floor for a minute before glancing back up, clearing his throat a bit, his thick snowy white fur fluffing up slightly.
gently brushes his fur back down with a paw, trying his best to keep eye contact* You're very shiny. *he lets a soft nervous chuckle.
blushes a bit and hugs the drake softly, tail curling around his side a bit.
he hmms, looking up for a bit as he processes the response.
fidgets at the long silence.
his ears perk up and he smiles softly.
the smell was coming from the back of a bear a few feet away. She was sleeping half under a blanket eyes closed snoring a small amount. She moves a bit in her sleep taking deep long breaths. The bear is laying on her stomach showing the musky back in full.
feeling the hot breath rolling down her back she shivers. The bear slowly wakes up and yawns. He bear knew she was safe here and slowly lifts her head to look at the ones sniffing her. She looks up at kiba and smiles yawning wide. "Morning". She grunts at him in bear still waking up and she forgot to say it in English. She presses her back to his noses letting them take in her rich fresh musk as she stands up. The bear stretches out. She was a bit hungry too.
the bear tenses up to the licks and begins to pant hot fresh morning bear breath. She grumbles and huffs. "Are you trying to arouse me because it's working". She says shivering and panting. His breath rolling around her ears and neck makes her moan out softly. She sniffs his breath deeply while he breathed and licked down her spine. She groans as the itch deep inside her returns. "You started this I hope you can end this". She winks at him.
the bear gives a small wave.
the bear looks back at him and huffs looking forward as he climbed onto her back. She closes her eyes holding the weight of the massive canine. She pants hot heavy air as her arousal grow stronger. She looks at the honey and murrs deeply lowering her snout to start lapping at the sweet sticky goodness murring out loud and deeply. Her sweet female smell filled his nose as he sniffed her. She drinks away having full trust in him as he lay on her back.
the bear gasps as she feels the honey covering her body. She looks around and starts licking what she could reach of herself clean. She was extremely aroused at this point.
the bear shivers panting hotly feeling his wet warm tongues dragging up her stomach. Her wet leaking female sex was becoming more and more wet as he keeps teasing her. She grumbles and grunts at him begging him to stop the teasing as the burn was too much.
the bear lets out deep murrs rumbling heavy. Her female sex was soaking wet with her honey sweet female fluids. Her cock throbs heavy to his tongue dragging up her thick heavy bear shaft. She huffs and puffs while she groans. "still with the teasing~".
the bear pants and huffs deeply. Her shaft throbs heavy leaking pre. She can hear the fighting and it makes her lower her head down while she still pants hotly. the bear groans her heat groing stronger along with the smell of her pheramones around the three heads.
the bear tunnel contracts and ripples down the tongue pushing deep into the hole. The bear pants heavy making her grin. she moves back shoving the two muzzles deep into her very wet warm soft honey pot making her mow out and climax on their noses. She grins needing more still.
wakes up again from the bean bag looking up to see everyone .
walks up to the bar and asks for a glass of water.
drinks a little bit of water.
he says from the bar.
roars and stomps on the ground.
the massive feral bear stands on her hind legs. She was now 15 feet tall. She shows off her massive thick long black claws on her forepaws. The bear roars again showing her long sharp bear teeth.
the bear says rubbing her sides.
waves and walks off.
the bear looks at the wolf growling and grunting at him. She huffs deeply slowly moving back to all fours. The bear digs her thick long claws into the ground huffing a bit more. Moody bear was moody.
holsters the pistol into his arm as it vanishes* Fine... .
the bear smells the meat and fish. She starts to drool a small amount. The bear watches the feline and growls digging her claws deep into the ground. Before she could take off the bear was taken down on her side and she huffs "b-but fish". she whines looking at kiba.
The bear tences up huffing deeply. She groans trying to wiggle free. Her eyes set on that bucket of food.
pokes head back in.
looks at the honey. she roars at scyfe too. Then she dives into the honey.
quickly brings head outside and jumps into a bush, hiding in it.
I get out of the bush and slowly creep back inside, sitting in a dimly lit corner.
backs into the corner a little more.
promtly makes his way down the hallway, Bad sports a pair of Jean short shorts and a small tank top tight to his form. Casually he peers into the room with a cup of tea in his paw curious to the fuss he's been hearing.
The Hyena stops and turns to face the doorway, stepping inside* sandwiches you say~? *he giggles and grins rather famished.
was busy drinking her honey murring deeply while looking at the feline.
Curious he entered and eyed over the sandwiches, picking out w turkey for himself and taking large bite out of it wagging his tail. He turns back to Flare with a smile and raises his tea.
Bad giggled to himself and nodded* Ya heheh pretty bad hangover this morning and I sorta just slept it off *He takes a sip of his hot tea.
The Hyena finished off the sandwhich and redirected his attention to his tea, taking large sips of it* I don't think I've met you before, my names Bad *He gestured to himself with his paw.
the bear rolls over onto her side showing her sheath and pink slit too him as thanks for the honey.
The Hyena grinned and giggled to himself* well since you've put it in my head~ *He swished his tail from side to side, downing the rest of his tea.
watches Xav leave and leans back against the table* shame. He was a cutie *The Hyena shrugged and stared at his empty tea glass.
The Hyena stretched and set his cup on the table.
the bear sheath slowly throbs and pulses to the touch. Her very pink soft warm shaft slowly starts slipping from her musky sheath. she murrs laying her head down smiling.
The Hyena immediately makes his way to the bar, sliding onto a stool and shooting the bartender a wink.
The Hyena giggled wagging his tail sticking his tongue out to the tall wolf.
Bad picks up the shot glass and ponders it over, putting the glass up to his lips and knocking back the shot of vodka. Smirking back at the Wolf he places the glass down swaying his tail.
The Yena snickers and pushes the glass back.
the Hyena laughs a little into his Sprite and smiles, a slight blush across his face* You've probably heard right~ *his tail wags behind him.
The Hyena shot a smile over to the Jackal, before standing up from the bar and stretching* I do need to get going though, I'll be back in a bit lovelies *Bad takes his Sprite and throws a 5 on the counter, making his way out the front door.
walks in casually sitting at the bar wearing a leather vest and jeans.
pours a jack and coke sipping slowly.
sits in the corner still, sipping from a small cup of water. watching everybody else.
looks at her shyly.
sits back and continues to watch everybody, every once and a while taking a sip from my cup.
opens the door and starts to walk out.
Curls up on a cushion and yawns.
Offers some cuddles.
Returns to being curled up.
flops face first into the floor from working all night.
comes in and waves at everyone*hey there guys*he sits on a chair and rubs his head gently looking around.
 sorry my phone is trying to fight me at the moment ^^.
creeps in and sits at the same corner i was sitting in yesterday.
plays with my thumbs a little.
i grab the glass of water, sip from it and set it back down.
flops and waits.
looks around for anything interesting.
clicks hooves.
Pokes popcorn .
gets up and wriggles curly tail and butt.
blushes and snorts.
bites my lip.
i say yawning.
chirps and crawls into a cat pile.
Looks down to see that the morning has blessed him with another morning wood...* *sighs.
the bear roars welcome.
 Flops on an open couch back from my trip..
The Hyena waltzed up beside the two, holding a martini in his paw and with a big grin on his face* what're you g*hic.
he takes a sip from his glass and sits down on a stool.
Bad swayed his tail sipping more at his drink, swishing the liquid around the cup boredly then turns to Flare.
The Hyena knocks back the rest of his drink setting the glass down on the bar.
Bad's tail wags as he picks up the new martini, sipping at it lightly as he listens to the two.
They Hyena waves his paw yawning a little.
Moans randomly.
the bear pads into the room and huffs having a massive throbbing headache.
she huffs slowly moving over to the jackal eyes half closed. She groans laying down next to said person. The bear closes her eyes groaning deeply.
the bear groans out shaking her head. The throbbing headache makes her pant a small amount. The bear was still in heat, so the smell radiating from her body was thick. She huffs looking up at him, she groans out laying her had back down.
Tempest, siberian husky walked into your bar. He is wearing leather jacket and black jeans. He sits at the bartender.
the bear huffs and stands up. She grunts at him and turns around, the bear pads away I a very pissed off mood. She goes to a sink and starts drinking from that. She groans at the stupid heat pains she was going through. The bear looks around again trying to find someone dominate but everyone seemed a bit busy with anthro to anthro action. She starts thinking she wasn't really wanted around. Too many anthros not enough ferals around the bear thinks, laying down next to a tree she groans to herself hoping someone will help..
I raise my eyebrow and pour myself a juice sitting somewhere in the corner and enjoying the evening.
I shout from my place.
I groan and go sit to you.
The bear keeps looking at his eyes. Her own eyes not moving from his. The bear was in an odd mood Unsure what she even wanted anymore. But seeing the foods the bear looks at them and nods happy. She takes the plate setting it right between her forelegs, she starts eating up murring loudly, she rumbles deeply at the same time slowly rolling her massive body onto its side. The bear presses her long soft furry body up to his scaly dragon body. The bear licks the ate clean looking up. She presses her forehead to his neck rumbling. She was now very submissive to the large feral dragon. She lays her head on his forepaws her body still pressing against his..
The bear was sitting with a smile on her muzzle looking at the sky just relaxing. The bear was feeling the heat bringing the pain, she pants a small amount. The bear looks at the female that walked into her veiw. The bear tilts her head looking at the glowing crystal. When it was placed on her muzzle she watches it. The bear looks back at the female red spots glowing along her muzzle. She looks over the almost naked canine the bear unable to control herself and her shaft starts slipping from her sheath. The bear tries to hide it win her forepaws, she takes in the female's scent panting a bit. "Yes it's m-me"..
her eyes slowly love to look at alps. She sees how he is naked, the bear gulps and huffs her shaft slowly growing to its full length. It was a lot harder for a feral in season to control her arousal, in fact she had no control at all over it, it just happened. The bear looks at the drink in alp's hand, the bear sniffs and smells it was a kind of beer making her think he is drunk. Her shaft still throbs hard looking at the two. The bear tilts her head listening to the two and was confused about the native speaking. The bear blushes when the female bows down and the bear bows down in respect too. This moved her paw from hiding her shaft without her knowing. The bear hears her talking about her cock making the bear huff and look down. The bear looks at the two relaxing a bit as they sit next to her. "I am very interested please tell me more". The bear smiles relaxing even more..
the feeling of her fur along her thigh was super soft and warm to the older female. The bear listens to what she has to say making her insides glow with joy. The bear was a massive helper. She loved to help people when ever she could, this was a surprise to her but she loved the idea. The bear looks at the female and murrs greatly rumbling deeply. She looks her in the eyes and said yes I will help. The bear was feeling full of joy and energy. She didn't know why but the feral felt so calm and happy around the two. Like the stress of her feral mind was gone and all was left was her strong burn inside her. The Desire to feel pleasures the calming feeling was radiating more from the female, she lowers her snout to get to nuzzle along her shoulder while giving small kisses with her hick feral lips. The massive bear felt confidence coming form the way she talked and moved around the bear. Making booker feel like she could trust the female and alp's too. She gently noses up her neck nuzzling along her nuzzle showing test and joy. The bear relaxes her tense muscles spreading her hind legs a bit as she relaxed showing her needy bear shaft to he female. The bear looks at alps and winks knowing he wanted in on the action as well. Looking back at the female she goes back to nosing her neck, the bear nuzzles with her cold soft thick nose while licking along her fur with she thick wide fat smooth tongue. The female could feel the energy rising within the bear. She breaths faster and deeper, her heart starts beating faster as her arousal grew. The smell of her musk leaks from her shaft plus her throbbing shaft. Her female sex starts to show her excitement by leaking her sweet smelling pheromones..
Im sitting at the corner table drinking my juice.
I smile back at her.
I finish my juice.
I go and get myself a glass of whisky. I sit back.
I show you my glass.
I smile at you and scoot closer.
the bear watches the female looking up and down the massive furry brown bear body. The feral feeds off the happy calm look on her face, the bear relaxes nuzzling deeply into her neck fur rumbling happy. The bear knew about the species difference but the feral was loving both if their scents. It was pushing her into arousal. The bear opens he eyes feeling the female rubbing up and down her chubby soft warm belly. The thick fur along her tubby pushes between her fingers. The fur was amazing, well grooming super clean and a ogle silky soft. The limbs of the bear had a layer of fat and thick hide per them but within was pure power. Thick muscles ran down her hind and fore legs leading to her massive soft paws. The bar as love the slow soft movements run in down her fur. Her muscles felt relaxed and a bit squishy. If the female pushes on them she tenses them up to show how much power they had behind each muscle fiber. The feral looks at the male as he rubs her other side, the bear lifts her head up panting at the affection. She was murring and rumbling deeply. The bear lowers her head down to nuzzle the female only to have her soft fuzzy cheek rub along her cheek. The bear's eyes almost glowed bright. The bear felt her hands working down to her wet fleshy warm slit. The bear was soft wet and vey loose around the amazing hand okay fingers. She let's out a deep huff of hot air. She breaths faster lust filling her eyes. She shivers deeply at the sounds coming from her honeypot. She loved the fingers. The female's fingers would be soaking wet with thick feral female bear juices. The bear slowly lowers her snout to her right breast and she gently nuzzles down to the nipple. The bear hoping this works to her favour, latches her thick lips around the nipple and begins to suckle gently. The soft bear tongue she with the nipple Inside her wet warm bear maw, hot humid air blows from her snout and down the female's breasts and chest. The bear freezes as the wet fingers wrap around the four inch thick ten inch long soft throbbing bear rod. The bear shaft was leaking a clear honey pre the whole time they would have been talking. Her shaft was lubed up nicely but the thick warm female pre would add to the wet warm feeling on her tender skin. The bear feels the bite along her neck making the bear rumble in submission. She keeps sucking and playing with her teat murring deeply. The bear spreads her hind legs to alp's hands not fighting it in any way. The pink wet leaking bear slit would be exposed in full. The bear shivers gently down her spin feeling his mouth cup her wet sweet honey hinted bear sex. Her pussy slowly leaks right into his maw soaking his tongue with the sweetness of a honey pot but the musky taste of a feral slit. The bear was enjoying herself a huge amount but it was just getting started~.
I take a sip of my drink.
I blush gently.
loving how the female kneaded, pulled and pushed on her thick warm fur, makes the bear relax all that much more. Rubbing the soft warm bear shaft with those, wet well trained hands makes the bear breath heavy through her nose. The soft silky, smooth gently throbbing bear cock. Her sheath slowly moves down with ease. When the sheath is moved out of the way a massive thick musk pushes from under her sheath. The crown of her cock bubbles pre at the sensations. The feral keeps her lips on her nipple gently suckling the sweet amazing milk, the bear gulps it down as fast as it comes out. The shaft loves the worshiping greatly throbbing like a hyper kid. Her balls start to gently churn the essence the female was after slowly producing more of the cream~. The bear loved how her nipple become firm with ease, the bar suckles on the nipple murring out. Her ears perk up to her soothing calming gentle female voice. The feral let's the milk hit all of her tongue sending a few shivers up and down her spine. The bear let's the sweet creamy rich mother milk build up inside her maw. With powerful gulps she sends all the milk down her throat and into her belly. The bear ears fold up exposing more surface area for rubs. She rumbles heavily eyes closed almost going limp from the amazing  ear rubs, also hear ears are a massive weak spot for the bear. She takes her calming voice in again shivering at the thought of her bone and muscles growing stronger along with her fur becoming softer. The bear suckles on the nipple for as long as she can. Her long sweet tight tunnel contracting around his tongue, her female sex soaks his tongue. the deeper his tongue went the wetter, softer and sweeter it got. The bar breaths heavy puffs of hot air over her breasts drinking all the amazing milk that flowed out. The rich potent smell of her pheromones invades his nose, the smell sticks to the inside of his nostrils and assaults his senses. The bear suckling away eyes closed, feeling the nipple pop from her maw the bear opens her eyes to watch the female. The bear knew what was next, her cock throbs heavy in anticipation. The bear cock throbs hard in the hold while she slowly lifts her head out of the way. Thick bubbles of pre slowly push from the head of her shaft. When the bear feels her tender shaft sink around half way into that heavenly maw she gently gasps out starting to pant heavy. Her eyes show she is in pure bliss, being completely relaxed The bear tongue hangs from the side of her maw while hot breaths expel from her maw. The bear starts to throb, nice strong pulses vibrate along her entire shaft, the female's tongue would be greeted by thick ropes of the bear's creamy essence. She pants hard her slit slowly becoming wetter and slicker around the thrusting tongue. He combination of the silky smooth hands rubbing along her saliva soaked shaft, and her wet humid warm muzzle bobbing up and down the thick leaking shaft almost pushes the bear over the edge. The bear holds back the sperm load by climaxing into alp's mouth. The rush of her sweet warm female juices fill his cheeks, the warm juices pulse out of her pussy, wave after wave. After the climax her tunnel still clamps down around his flicking curling tongue begging for more. She was a mess drooling a bit on the canine below. The bear lowers her head down to start grooming the female's back it a way to say thank you while she suckles on her throbbing rod. The bear tenses up when her clit was played with, with the extra three fingers inside her she goes back to grooming. The bear was loving the desire to please her body and extract the essence from deep within. Joy, pleasure and a relaxed feeling pulses from the bear..
idly noms at Acheron's tail, flomping on the ground.
smiles and tiredly hugs her back. Unknowingly holding on.
blushes and squeezes you tight. corgi is fat, squishy, and warm.
my long thin wing-like webs that connect my underarms to my torso wrap warmly and her as I nuzzle against her softly. Glad for the company since I'm usually ignored.
the bear gives a wave.
waved back smiling as my tail thumped excitedly against the floor.
the massive feral bear grunts at the new one, she slowly starts moving closer sniffing deeply.
my ears twitched abit before splaying back leaning forward as i directed my self with my forepaw toward the larger feral creature wriggiling my nose in a afew attempt to snoff at the welcoming newcomer.
the feral slowly moves closer and closer. Her eye looking at his her as to avoid eye contact. Bears never liked she contact that much, she slowly moves right up to him sniffing at his left and right shoulders. She pulls her head back sitting down. Looking at him she grunts.
tries to blend in with the crowd.
enter in the bar and Louis at you shying.
he looks a chair near you.
gracefully falls out of bed, majestically crawls into the kitchen, and turns on the coffee machine.
the macro wolf smiles as he hears the compliment from the normal size fur as he looks down at everyone while he lays on his stomach.
 Flops on a bean bag, relaxing..
 I recline on my bean bag and yawn..
 I smile and stretch* I suppose not, But I am a bit lazy. * Is wearing black jeans and a black T-shirt..
 Had had a long night at work, the lazyness was understandabul.* Fine fine twist my arm why don't you. * I chuckle a bit and peel off my shirt and start o un buckle my pants..
 I kick my pants off and pull off my undies for you tossing them at your feet. I give you a little cheeky grin..
 I blush a bit seeing you swell and grow at the sight of me.* And apparently you like what you see. * I reach down giving my sack and sheath a bit of a rub., my own black tip poking out of my sheath at the sight of your arousal..
 I blushed even harder as you ealked over to me and straddled me. I moan, my paw moving and gripping your cock right away.* Mmmh Don't have to ask me twice stud.. * I lick your shect and stroke your cock, my own menber gorwing hard very quickly now..
 The foxcelot having had to go i lay naked and hard on my bean bag..
i blush and come at you really shyly as I look at your hard cock*o-ok.
 I moan as you touch my cock and start to stroke me. I put my paws on your hips and rubb your flanks as i lean up and kiss your muzzle a little..
 I murr and push my muzzle in to your neck and nibble and my maws move around to your ass, my paws squeez and pull your cheeks apart..
i blush as you do as I slowly bring my butt over your cock as I then stand slowly up lining your cock with my ass.
 I lean back putting my paws on your hips, purring and moaning with exitement as you move your self over me..
 I growl and grunt as you lower your self on to my ten inch cock. I feel your warm hole tight around my shaft. I pantpushing my hips up a bit..
i hold you to me tightly as I pant hardly*y-you are so big.
 I moan sucking on one of your nipples as you slowly sliude down my shaft. I shiver and grunt, my cock throbbing and drooling pre..
 I pant and moan as you begn to ride me. I buck my hips up in to you as you move..
 I growl sucking on your nipples as you ride me. I drag my claws down your back, bucking my hips as you ride me harder and faster. You feel the spines on my cock stand up and prickle your insides..
 I growl rolling you over on to your back on to the floor. I push my self in to you and begin to rut my self in to you hard and fast pinning your arms above your head as i lean down and kiss you deeply..
 My balls slap against your ass hard and i feel that all to familliar tugging sensation comming from deep within my belly. I grunt and pound in to you harder and faster, bucking and fucking you hard and fast..
 I grunt and roar out bucking my hips like a jack hammer as i fill you with roaps of my hot lion seed. I drive my self deep and hard ,your ass comming up off the floor with the force of my final thrusts..
i say hugging you really tightly as I moan loudly feeling your cum in my ass as I pant Hardly.
 I grunt and pant the last few roaps of my cum spooling out inside you as i pant and begin to relax down on top of you, panting hard and moaning your name..
i moan and hold you to me relaxing a bit with your cock still inside me.
yawns and waves shyly.
sits down and looks around.
The tired Hyena wondered in and leant on the bar, letting out a big yawn and sipping at his tea waving to the two.
Bad sipped at his tea and wondered closer, sporting a pair of Jean short shorts and a black tank top he looked like he'd just woke up.
the Hyena grinned* and my name is also Bad *He chuckled and turned his attention back to his warm tea, seeming fairly dependent on it.
The Hyena runs his paw through his mane trying to straighten out his bed head with a smile* lovely to meet you then~ if you're ever looking for something to do my room is at the end of the hall on the left heheh~ *He winked and smirked.
he ran a finger under Milos chin and giggled to himself.
He shrugged and sipped his tea again* just offering~ *he smiled looking at the two.
The Hyena returned his attention to her swaying his tail softly behind him.
He sips from his tea again smiling.
The Hyena leans back on the bar and yawns again.
The Hyena waves to Xavier and sits on the sofa, leaning back and spreading his legs vulgarly as he rubs his head.
Bad raised his eyebrow at the now nude Foxelot, now having his full undivided attention.
The Hyena pulls off his shirt, tossing it over the sofa. pushing his thumbs into his waistline he pushes his jean short shorts down his legs, gently kicking them off and letting his large half chub hang out on the sofa with a grin, keeping his leg spread.
The Hyena turns to Milo with an excited grin.
Bad smiles and flexes a little lifting his arms.
The nude Hyena stood up ignoring the blanket and walking over to the bar, not bothering to hide his tight yet plump rear as he leaned against the counter with a smile looking at Mina.
He smiled taking a sip from the glass and throwing a few dollars on the counter* Thanks love~ *he turned back eyeing Milo as he redressed.
He sips from his Sprite wagging his tail behind him.
Bad finished off his Sprite setting down his glass on the bar, looking over to Surrie.
The Hyena smiled at her.
he smirked and nodded.
The hyena gets up from the bar and sits on the arm of the couch facing Milo, a leg to each side of him as he leans down nosily.
The Hyena tucks his chin in his paw.
He smirked looking over Milos body and giggled.
The Hyena boredly stared at Milos rump before grabbing his short shorts and pulling out his wallet.
The Hyena grinned and got up, lifting his rump onto the bar and sitting there with his legs spread off the end* All you have to do to get the $100 is grab it~ *Bad smiles toothily and held the $100 bill under his long limp shaft.
The Hyena giggled to himself.
The Hyena smirked keeping the $100 bill held beneath his large shaft, pressing it back against his balls watching Milo.
The Hyena blushed a bit feeling Milos tongue lick across the underside of his stiffening cock, carefully he wrapped the $100 around the base of his shaft and lifted his paws from it.
The Hyena pants softly watching Milo work his tongue over his large shaft. Now fully erect he places the second $100 around the base of his shaft, sticking there firmly from Milos Saliva.
Bads face grew red with blush feeling Milos lips wrapping around his tip, squirming a little on the bar as his throbbing Hyena cock disappeared into his mouth.
The Hyena let out a soft moan running his paw through Milos hair, letting him bob along his throbbing shaft as he bucked his hips a few times grinning.
precum dripped into Milos mouth from the Hyenas tip, tugging on his ears gently as Bad thrusted his cock upward into his mouth harder and harder, pressing down his tight throat.
The Hyena moans loudly laying back on the bar and wrapping his legs around Milos head, thrusting up hard and forcing his large Yena cock deep down his tight little throat. Bad pushes down on Milos head roughly and buries his nose into his musky fur, his shaft buried deep down and suddenly shooting hot seed down his throat. His little Yena moans echoing through the room as he orgasms.
Bad released his grip from Milos head allowing his legs to spread back out as he pant softly on his back* mmf that mouth is something else love~ *his tail slowly swayed back and forth beneath him.
He sits up and winks running his paws along Milos chest.
Bad nodded to Mina still panting.
The Hyena slid down off the bad giving Milos rump a squeeze and giggled* of course~ *He turned and poured some water into a glass, leaning on the bar and sipping at it.
Bad murred softly playfully grinding his rump back against Milo as he drank, gently swaying his tail.
He grinned bending over the bar, lifting his tail and showing off his plump Yena ass, exposing his tight tailhole to Milo and rubbed his own shaft a bit in his paw.
Biting his lip bad spread his legs a bit further for Milo, blushing feeling his shaft rubbing against his tight underused tailhole* hehe I'd say you earned it after all that hard work~ *he presses back teasingly and keeps his tail held high.
The Hyena winced a little and moaned feeling Milos dry cock pushing in and sinking deep inside his tight warm tailhole, shooting a grin down the bar he winks to the others* still one hole left for anyone that wants in~ *he giggles motioning to his mouth, his tongue hanging out and dripping with saliva.
The Yenas flirts start to be replaced with moans, feeling the large cock thrusting in and out of his tight hole as he seems to melt on the counter, starting to stroke his own shaft again allowing his ass to be pounded.
Bad blushed and panted as his ass was thrusting into over and over, his walls tightening around Milos invading shaft as the hyena suddenly orgasms again, shooting sticky seed all over the front of the bar beneath him.
Arching his back Bad kept his rump held high allowing Milo to plow into his tight rump repeatedly, drool dripping from his lip as he emptied the rest of his balls onto the bar.
Panting loudly the Hyena laid against the bar with Milo on top of him, feeling his hot seed rushing through his tailhole murring to himself.
He pants and manages to get ahold of his glass and sip his water, looking over to Surrie.
Bad blushes a little and shutters feeling Milos shaft pressing back deep into him, giggling a little and keeping at his water.
The Hyena got up and rubbed his back a little sipping at the water, sitting down on a barstool.
Bad slipped back into his tight jean short shorts and pulled his shirt back over him, giving Milo and hug before retreating to his room down the hall.
points to Bentley and waves.
The Hyena reemerges from his room down the hall, seeming to have showered and fixed his hair since his last appearance. Sliding up by the bar he scans his eyes around the room.
Bad giggles to himself and smiles.
she snuggles him violently.
slithers into his little hole in the wall.
 Sits down on the open sofa, dressed in black jeans and a black T-shirt. I lean back and put my arms behind my head..
 I sit up and walk up behind the bar..
 Turns around serching the row of bottles. I pluck the Tequila out of the row and i flip through a little book behind the bar I mix your drink  tequila, orange juice, and grenadine syrup, served unmixed in a tall glass. I put it on the counter befor you..
 I smile, and you can hear the smile in my voice. I pull a beer from my self from my cooler. I pop the top and take a swollow..
 I come back around the counter and sit next to you..
 I grin back and take another pull of my beer, turning my self to face you instead of the bar..
 I chuckle and smile.* YOu look like a good one too. * I finish off my beer..
 You look me over, seeing a toned frame. Not overly muscular and not skinny. I am well perportiond and is dressed in a paor of black jeand and a black T-shirt..
 I chuckle again..
 I stand up wandering behind the bar again mixing you another drink.* No problem. * I push the drink in front of you.* Made of magic hu? That sounds interesting.. * I pull out a cigar from a box under the counter and hold it up, smelling it..
 Grins and puts the cigar away, the things only fun to smoke with other people.* Cool beans. * I walk back around the bar taking my seat again..
 I chuckle blushing with the alcohol a bit my self, being a bight of a lightweight when it comes to drinking..
 You hear me purr as soon as you take my hand and lead me back over to the sofa. I flop down on to the sofa and pull you, rather boldly, into my lap. More buzzed than tipsy..
 I purr very loudly, setting my beer down next to your drink. I wrap both arms around you and take a deep breath of your scent..
 I growl softly and grin leaning down a bit and kissing your neck tenderly, one of my paws comming up to cup one of your breasts..
 I murr loudly stuffing my paw under your hoodie. If you were wearing  a shirt my paw made my way up it taking a paw full of your mostly flat chest. Not minding the flatness at all i give it a squeeze, my thumb and forfinger rubbing your nipple softly, the tent in my pants pusing up in to your rear..
 I moan a bit my self and feel your hand on my crotch, you can feel me trhobbing in my pants, the space in my pants rather cramped and uncomfortabul. I bite your neck, my other paw drifting down between your legs, my warm paw against you..
 I pant a bit now feeling you unbuckling my pants. I moan a bit louder feeling my zipper come down, reliving some of the pressure in my pants. I begin to pull open your pants too, grinding my self up in to your paw..
 I growl tugging your pants down and off as you wrap your paw around my throbbing cock. Sitting on my lap with your back to me i reach both paws down and lift you up a bit by your thy's, I pant and moan a bit as the tip of my ten inch cock pushes up against your folds and starts to push inside you..
 After only a moment i am hilted inside you, one of my paws comming up to grip your breast and the other remaining between your legs, rubbing thet little love button for you as i start to move my hips..
 your walls  grip my member and the spines around the tip of my shaft flair out, dragging against you. A Little painful at first, it quickly fades in to the background of plesure as i begin to pump my hips a little faster, my finger mofing double time as i lock my jaws on to your shoulder..
 I grunt tossing you down on to the couch and throwing my self down on top of you. I push my self back inside you and press my muzzle into yours and kiss you deeply as i begin to thrust inside you. I pant and moan my balls slapping against you..
 i growl and pound in to you even harder now, feeling that familliar tugging from deep within my tight bucking body. I kiss you deelpy fucking you wildly, pounding in to you as hard as i can over and over again. Ifter a few moments i break the kiss and grown..
 i buck and pound, feeling your sex clench around me hard as you cum for me. I buckle and roar out as you send me over the edge. I cum hard, sending roaps of hot lion seed deep inside you. I drive my self as deep as i can, our fluids mixing as i drain my self dry.
 Pant hard, my cock still twitching as i unload my final spurts of spunk. I lower my self down on top of you, resting a little bit of my weight on my elbows, I pant as if i had just run a marathon and for the moment i don't bother pulling my self out of you.* OOh f-fuck yes, Oh gods. * Pant Pant Pant.
Enters inside.
 I purr very loudly nuzzling yours and return giving your cheek a lick..
 I murr slipping my self out of you and laying next to you..
walks into the bar and let's out a small purr seeing the messy couple laying together before pulling up a seat  to sir back and relax.
Shoves the Wolfcoon into the room and flees away.
smiles shyly and waves.
Klaus waves to the other gently swishing his tail from side to side.
The Hyena comes back, quickly wrapping his arms around the Wolfcoons waist and pressing up against his back.
huffs and pushes out of the hyenas abrupt hug.
Bad bumped his hip to Klaus's and giggled, going behind the bar and making a few martinis, bringing two back and handing one to the grumpy Wolfcoon.
Klaus took the drink glaring at the hyena. Putting glass to his lips he took a sip of the martini and quietly looked over it.
The Hyena pushed the Wolfcoon over to Milo with a smile* hehe here, This is Milo~ he's friendly and has a pretty powerful tongue~ *He giggled to himself.
Held onto his drink being hurried around everywhere, Looking at the Jackal.
The Wolfcoon smiled and gently shook the paw of the smaller jackal, his tail swaying behind him. His attire consisting of a simple pair of black jeans and a t-shirt with a complex design on the front, the upper portion covered by a pink and black bandana around his neck.
Klaus takes a sip from his drink and smirks.
The Wolfcoon tugged at his bandana a little and smiled before sipping at his drink once more. His build was much more slender compared to the Hyena beside him, a tad shorter too. His tongue clearly a bright cyan color with pawpads to match as he spoke, almost glowing.
He smiled as his large stripes tail swayed behind him, a bit abnormally large. Klaus finished off his drink and set down the glass carefully on the table.
sprawls out tired and bored. stifling a yawn before rolling up into a blanket burrito.
Klaus turned briefly to Asriel and smiled waving to her. Finding himself a chair he sat down near the jackal and cross his legs, giving him a warm smile.
Bad brought over another Martini and handed it to Klaus, this one a lot more red in color, pulling up a chair beside the Wolfcoon and sipping at his own beverage.
The Wolfcoon smiled and blushed a little at Milos compliment* heh~ not bad yourself~ *Klaus took the drink from Bad looking over it, taking scent of it before putting it to his lips and sipping at it. Pulling it away from his mouth with a slight cough and setting the drink down in the table.
Klaus pushes the glass over to the jackal across the table.
Bad leaned in with a smile and took the drink from Milo* heheh I'll get something lighter for you two *The Hyena retreated to the bar with the drink, dumping it out and making some new lighter martinis, returning to the table with them.
Klaus quietly took one of the drinks and sipped heavily at it, the red drink leaving a bad taste in his mouth.
The Hyena smiles watching the two others, wagging his tail behind him as he adjusts his trousers.
Klaus sips at the drink some more keeping his legs crossed, quickly reaching the bottom of it and setting the glass back down on the table.
the dragon quietly walks in, trying to understand the situation.
He shrugs* Bad brought me here, said it was a fun place to hang around which so far it's been nice *he swishes his tail behind him.
He smiles at the jackal.
Klaus smiles swishing his tail more quite pleased.
Klaus ponders another drink but keeps from them for the moment.
The Wolfcoon smirked putting his chin in his paw.
The Wolfcoon smirked and swished his tail.
Klaus giggles and moves over beside Milo on the sofa, giving his back a gentle rub.
Klaus looked over the Jackal, feeling a tad light headed himself.
The Hyena gets up and wraps an arm around him, hoisting him up.
Klaus watched the two and recrossed his legs, shrugging a little and picking up another drink from the table, sipping at it lightly.
comes behind Surrie and pokes his back.
The Wolfcoon plops himself down on the sofa crossing his legs and pulls out his phone boredly.
Bad crept up behind Fernando and whispered sensually in his ear.
walks over and perches on the back rest of the couch over the wolfcoon. Stripe tail lashing against your muzzle.
Klaus looks up and giggles a little swatting playfully at the cheetahs tail.
sways that tail around and giggles lightly before flopping onto the pup.
Klaus squeaked in surprised and laughed a little.
pads over to @BadYena and nips at his ear from behind.
caterpillar crawls through the quiet room.
shivers and turns, facing Bad murring.
the massive bear slowly moves into the room. Her huge forepaws and hind paws thud on the ground as she walls. The bear was a heavy one by with a kind heart. She looks around sniffing trying to find activity as she slowly makes her way to the bar..
sighs and looks bored, nibbling on a piece of pocky.
the bear waves from the bar, she was drinking.
walks over taking a seat next to the bear ordering a mug of beer. Looks around.
looks up taking another swig of his beer, his face turning a little scared as he normally says.
the bear smiles looking at him. She can see the fear on his face but the bear was a nice one. She nods sipping at her drink..
giving a small and back putting down the beer. Looking around the room to see an other people.
turns around looking back in front of the bar. Taking another swig.
looks to his side at the bear lifting his mug for a cheer.
the bear lifts her mead and smiles.
he takes a sip.
taking a swig again.
the bear flops on the ground.
looks down at the bear giggling.
she smiles and yawns.
goes back to hiding and being stupidly shy.
Flops on the open bean bag..
the bear was sleeping on the floor bed rumbling.
 curls up and falls asleep on the bean bag..
blushes hard at that statement.
 Wakes up in my bean bag chair, looking at all of the sudden action..
the bear was tense, she was panting and moaning out deeply from all the amazing wet, slimy soft sensations rubbing her thick long bear shaft, along with licking deep into her tight wet cunny. The bear doesn't get much attention from two people at the same time. The last time this happened it was a 5 person fun time. The bear almost climaxes from the contractions of the sweet warm slimy canine throat, but she climaxes her sweet sticky honey femcum to the lucky alps. Her load rushes out of her like a dam burst. The clear sweet honey hinted liquids rush between his lips, soaking his tongue it fills his cheeks to the brim. The fresh smell of female bear cum fills the air around him along with his nostrils. The added sensation makes her walls clamp down hard as she feeds him his treat. The bear looks down as she feels he gentle casual strokes alone her cock. The bear was in a hot mess and it wasn't even over yet. She watches the hand land on her thick, warm soft bear chest. The bear gulps seeing the position the female wanted to take next. His makes her shaft throb heavy with anticipation. Her soft tubby belly was soft on the female's legs, she sinks into the tubby fur and flesh a bit. Booker was radiating a good amount of heat from her soft wall groomed fur. The bear keeps clamping down on the fingers within her honey pot. Perking her ears to what the two are saying, the bear looks away for a bit. Her puffy pussy stays open a small amount leaking the sweet gooey female sperm. It sticks to his fingers like glow creating a sweet smelling glow. His fingers would smell like bear female cum for a week now. She would happen to look back as the female canine nods with a smirk. This makes the long sides of her bear muzzle flush out red and brown. She goes back to panting heavy. The bear gasps heavy, the soft wet folded flesh slipping down her rock hard flesh sends a massive shiver up and down her spine. The bear groans out with Luna, panting as happy as a bear can get. The bear pants, she freezes as Luna grabs a bit of bear neck fluff in her maw. She was having a hard time hold her load back before but now it was impossible. Her soft wet shaft shoots heavy pre deep within the folds of Luna. Her bear female sex was just at the right size for alps to slide his cock right on in. The tight firm walls clamp down on his thick nine inch spear of a canine rod. She puffs a bit down the back of Luna unable to hold much longer. The bear closes her eyes and relaxes. The flood gates open within luna. Heavy very potent thick ropes of bear seed starts to flood deep into the tight riding confines of her love tunnel. The thrusting of he nine inch spear sent her pet the top again, his cock would be flooded with bear juices. His stomach and crotch would be coated with the clear sweet female juices. The bear keeps climaxing as long as they keep the sensation up..
flops on the sofa..
Yawns and stretches watchin what was going on..
 Peels off my clothes and tosses them on the floor, now laying nude on the sofa..
puts a blanket on ya.
 Tugs you down on the sofa with me..
squeaks and blushes heavily.
 I smile.* I would never treat you badly..
blushes deeper and giggles.
 Grins, reaching up to pet you a little..
shivers at the pets and nods.
 Chuckles and grins again.* Well, yeah thats kind of the point i think. I rather enjoy being naked. * I scoot over a bit making room for you, making sure not to offend you with my nudity as i did so..
a load knock comes the door.
as a yellow demon casually walks up the bar taking a seat in the middle. Orders one beer taking his first swig, giving a giant sigh of relief.
orders pizza for everyone.
fresh home made pizza, even.
pushes you against the wall giving you a long slow kiss .
squeals in surprise and murrls as she's kissed as such.
smiles and bites his lip .
Faceplants into the sofa, looking exhausted and sore. Ears folding against her thick curly hair. .
She blinks at him and murrls softly before leaning to nuzzle into his paw gratefully. She felt as if she had been hit by a truck. .
face down on the ground with my arms to my sides I caterpillar my way to surries feet and turn over to face up.
pets his head.
winks and continues to gently pet him, fiddling with both sets of his ears from time to time.
giggles and scritches those ears tenderly.
she chuckles and shivers at the petting to his side.
she pouted* oh so scarry *she feined a swoon and nuzzled at his cheek gently.
smiles and giggles a bit.
looks around at the new group as they mingle amongst themselves. I frown a bit and lift My tail. Wrapping it around me and quietly slipping out.
her eyes grow wide at his comment and a soft blush found her face. Making it burn warm and bright. Her ears flit a bit.
smiles and sits next to him, looking at Rumble.
smiles and watches Rumble.
she wringled her nose and growled cutely before he nuzzled her. Turning her to putty.
smiles and giggles a bit.
she sways her fluffy black and white tail around.
the dog weakly pushed at his muzzle before he leaned to give a bite to the spot.
she looks at him.
she huffs and chuffs cutely before hugging his big stupid head.
offers him popcorn.
she blushes as he nips at her clothes and looks at him a bit shyly.
she kept blushing a bit and shyly nods.
she kept blushing and shyly lifted her shirt and bra to show her chest.
she peeps in surprise as his lips meet hers. Causing her to burn hot red. Her ears perking quickly. She hesitates as he pulls away. Giving him a curious look.
she blushes a bit more and slides out of her clothes, blushing shyly and lays her clothes in his paw.
she blushes a bit more at his licks and shyly looks at him.
she keeps blushing.
she kept blushing* well I'd assume a kiss would go here *she pokes his snout* but I'm not naive and know where kisses can go *she keeps blushing and slides her pants off.
She kept blushing and turned so he could see her back, the black on her back running mid way down her arms and thighs and the whole length of her tail, the rest of her being white, her coppery hair almost to the base of her tail.
she faces him, blushing.
she blushes a bit more and softly murrs at his licks.
she blushes more and softly moans.
she softly moans at his tongue and shyly looks at him, blushing brightly.
she blushes a bit more as she sees it.
She keeps blushing and watches him shyly.
She nods shyly and gets comfy, blushing brightly as she was near his member.
she looks up at him shyly.
she held onto him as he rolled and nods shyly.
She nods and slowly slides herself back onto his member, blushing more as she felt it against her slit.
She slowly slides it in a bit with a moan, moving slowly to adjust to his size.
She keeps slowly pushing it in until she feels she can't take anymore, moaning as she pushes more and more inside her slit.
she shyly looks at him and slowly starts to slide him in and out, gently riding him and moans.
She moans and keeps slowly riding him, blushing brightly.
she moans a bit louder as she starts to buck into her and nods, starting to move a lil faster.
She moans louder and starts riding him a lil harder, starting to pant a bit.
she moans louder, blushing brightly and pants as she looks at his member dripping with seed.
She kept blushing.
She nods and grabs her clothes, getting dressed.
She looks at him.
she nods and puts each hand on either side of his snout, pulling him a little closer and gives him a kiss on his snout.
She smiles and nods.
She smiles and curls up against him.
she giggles at the lick and smiles, nuzzling into him.
She smiles and her tail thumps a bit.
 Flops on a free bean bag..
 Smiling back at you..
 Yawn and stretches..
 Purrs and gets uo off my bean bag and crawls in to bed with you ..
snuggles up to you.
 Purrs and snuggles back wrapping my arms around you ..
 Blushes deeply..
kisses your cheek.
 Blushes even darker, my paws rubbing your chest a bit..
smiles and blushes a bit.
 I giggle a bit one of my thumbs finding a nipple. That thumb rubs over the tip of that nipple soflty..
blushes harder * "hehe yes " * runs his hands over his body grabbing his bum a bit.
 I moan a bit, feeling your paws on my rear, not minding at all. I giggle a little and lick your chin. my thumb still runningover that nipple..
Kisses your neck.
yawns widely.
 I purr loudly moving my head to the side, loving your atentions. I push my rear back in to thoes large paws..
I bite gently and pulling your rear forward grabbing harder.
 I moan louder nou as you sqeez my ass and pull me hard against you. My eyes close and i bit my lower lip. I moan again dragging my claws down your chest a bit..
I pull you on top of me kissing you.
 I murr rolling over on top of you pushing my muzzle back in to yours, loving your kiss, My tight little shorts tenting a bit as we enjoy eachothers company. I rub your chest more, tugging on your fur  a bit pulling away from your kis after a moment, blushing at your words..
he says winking running his paws under your shorts grabbing your bare rear.
 I blush and moan feeling your paw against my bare ass. I grind in to you a bit..
starts sliding your shorts off .
 I murr looking down at you and biting my lower lip as you slide my shorts down, i move a bit and shuffle alowing you to pel them all the way off me, I now straddle you nude and mostly erect..
I lick my lips wrapping my arms around your legs and pulling you forward .
 I moan sweetly as you pull me forward, I blush, my erection and rear hovering just above your muzzle, I look down at you, my paws moving and rubbing down my lythe body..
I slowly lick up your shaft before suckling on the tip rubbing a finger around your tight hole.
 I moan, now fully hard and throbbing as you suckle on my tip, a little pre leaking out on yo your tongue. I gasp a bit at your finger. I reach back with one paw, wrapping my fingers around your sack and playing with your balls..
I moan around your tip pushing my finger in slowly.
 I moan loudly and throbb in your muzzle as your finger slips inside me. I push in to that paw grinding my self into that eager finger, more pre leaking in to your muzzle.* yeeah. Gods. *pant.
swallows the Pre before taking you to the hilt circling my tongue around your shaft .
 Huff and grown loudly not being able to heep my self from humping in to your muzzle a little..
 I cry ouy again your finger deep inside me and pushing up against my prostate. That causes me to leak even more. I pant and gring my hips..
 I shift turning around, facing the other direction having a strong desire to taste you as well, i lean over and eagerly take your swelling cock in to my muzzle. i bob and suck eagely, determend to have you knot me befor our fun time was over. My tongue lashes around your shaft as i bob my head..
 I pant and bob my head, sucking and slurping on you tugging on your balls as you play with mine. I moan loudly on your cock, lapping up all your pre.  After a few more minuts of this, I slip you cock out of my muzzle with a pop, licking it and kissing the tip over and over for a minut worshiping you.* R-ryan, T-take me Please * I say begging for you..
 I growl a bit as you roll over pushing me down flat to the bed, my own leaking cock dribbling on to the sheets. i grown feeling you hips meet my ass and your hard cock slip between my cheeks. I gasp feeling your tip push against and into my tight hole, i claw the bed as i get my wish, your thick cock pushing inside me, the pain was almoast overwhelming at first, but as i strechd to your girth i push back on you..
 i cry out and my ass clamps down around your shaft as you take a paw ful of my main and tug. i almoast scream as you spank me hammiring your huge cock into my ass harder and harder, faster and faster..
 I grunt feeling you knot me, your farantic thrsuting pusing me over the edge. I feel your cum expload in to me and i buckle hard, cumming for you hands free. my thick ropes of lion sead coating the sheets below me, making oyur bed sticky for the time being.
Loves the weight on top of me as you colaps. i pant and moan lovingly the feeling of your large knot wedged insode me absolutly wonderful.* Fuck yes it was mmmh * pant.
 I murr and moan, Clenching around you..
 I turn my head and give your muzzle a kiss..
Runs for life.
sits beside Luger and holds a shot glass.
smiles at Hindai.
he smiled as Luger did so and caught the glass on the table and held it up in thanks. Swigging it down and with a sudden gulp. He shook his head with a doe like bleat through his through and slid the glass back to Luger.
he began to feel warm and shivered a bit.
his little tail wiggled happily.
yawns widely, and rolls around on the floor.
 On a bean bag..
lays on Remo.
 Purrs loudly..
leans down, nuzzling him as he began to massage Rem's shoulders.
the dragon boldy enters the bar.
 Smiles and murrs as i nuzzle you in return. I coan a bit as you start to rub my shoulders..
said noticing the lion.
 Smiles over at you ..
responds with a big smile on his muzzle.
said curiosly, no malice intended.
says a bit heartfelt.
asks, smiling again.
Wanders on in wearing nothing but his birthday suit and walks over to an empty chair before plopping down on it..
notices Xavier and smiles to him.
notices the one who looked at him and quirked a brow before turning his attention to Daren..
shrugs and shuts up as his point was made and is dodging a shit storm.
the dragon chuckled as he heard the comment and shook his head to the sides.
peaks his head out from under Flare's blanket, watching the two and wondering what's going to go down.
he watched the Jackel excuse himself, the blanket like a mask around his muzzle as he moved back to watch the two at the bar. Kind of dreading the show as he was spooning Flare under the blanket and gulped lightly.
half of his face was still hidden by Flare's blanket. He watched Mina slowly ripping her top and tried to think about other things to not get aroused while he was spooning Flare. Which was futile and he began to get red as his cargo short began to bulge against her and he was hoping she wouldn't notice as his ears pinned back nervously.
he continued to watch Mina take off her tip like a vest in the way she ripped it. Glancing over at Zhwazi when he whistles then over at Terran when he spoke and gulped at the girth he was stroking. All the sights only making his bulge more prominent against Flare and he groaned. Blushing bright and hiding his face in Flare's neck.
raises paw as he watched from the shadows but knew no one noticed.
is still snuggled up against Flare under her blanket on the sofa.
wanders on in, hiding his hard on and goes to his normal seat away from everyone..
forgot he was supposed to be playing dead.
enters the room looking for a familiar face, proceeds to sit down at the bar.
grabs him playfully by the ear and drags him onto the couch.
pats Jase's head.
giggles at you as you hugged the hybrid, he smiled. Hugging you close and his ear twitched as your breath fell onto it.
he blushed hard as you gave his cheek a peck.
I sat on the sofa and patted my lap for Bryan.
I wrapped my arms around Bryan and smiled. Petting his chest and side soothingly.
smiles as your chest puffed out and giggles.
he smiled, smiled petting and braiding your mane.
the dog gets in quietly and looks at the others,he waves soflty and smiles cutely.
the bear says confused.
he said while taking a sip from his soda bottle laying lazily on the couch while looking at his phone.
shook his head to the sides as he just shrugged and put his phone away.
falls over drunk on a couch.
waves to Surrie.
three for scales. Just don't burn the place down.
the massive Kodiak bear slowly pads into the are a sniffing, she smiles with her new leather collar on the bear moves deeper into this room. Smell bells on her collar jingles to the smell thuds of her massive paws hitting the ground as she walks. The bear gives a warm wave to everyone she sees as she pads in..
The large Zangoose slowly stepped into the lounge, looking around at the surroundings inside. She checks her phone once more to see if this was the place that was advertised online. Once assured, she pockets her phone and walks on over to one of the bean bag chairs, deciding just to relax since it was a new scene for her.
the bear smiles looking at mina, "yes this collar is new just a new one from my master". She smiles waving to the one waving to the massive bear, she makes her way to a bean bag onto to lay down right onto the bag snuggling into it rumbling a good amount. She has a ring around her sheath and some people could see that as she relaxed..
The girl saw the wolf, waving back a bit hesitantly towards them before checking her phone again. She wasn't sure what to do now that she was where she planned to be. Was she allowed to sit at the bar despite being eighteen, since that's where some of the more active voices were? Did she have to stay out of it due to being underage still? It all confused her, making her wish someone would come and explain something.
the chubby brown Kodiak smiles back at Mina, the bear drags a bean bag up to the one she was laying down on and pats it seeing if Mina wanted to talk and relax.
The girl looks back up to the wolf. When she saw his hand motion, the first thing the girl does is point to herself and mouths "me?" to reassure that's who they were waving over.
the bear chucked a small amount. "I'm not too new just haven't been around much". She winks a small amount.
The girl gets up and walks over, fixing her tied flannel top as she moves. Her belly acts almost as a shelf for her large breasts, but mostly because her clothing below never lets her belly in. She wore Daisy Dukes that she couldn't even button or zip, exposing her panties to whoever could see below her belly* You sure you meant me? *Her tone was an odd tone: Norwegian with a mix of Southern girl. Her heritage was from Norway, but due to being one of the only children to learn how to talk from country folks around her, she had the "gift" of being stuck with a funny accent.
She even had the "ah" instead of "I," making her voice sound a bit more leading and flowing* Well it's nice to meet ya. Ah'm Sailor, but others call me Zang at times or Mama. *She smirks as she holds a paw out to the two, seeing who would shoot first.
the bear huffs a bit not knowing this and smiles, the feral looks at the female with a smile in her long thick feral lips. The smile moves up her whole muzzle as she moves her large 1.2 ton feral body closer to the smaller female. The feral lays down on the bean bag getting so she could lay her massive soft furry head right on her lap. The bear giggles being a true feral in heart, she leans the right side if her head in Mina's belly pressing her feral soft warm body closer. "Nothin much just relaxing".
She giggles softly and takes her paw back as she sits down beside the two, crossing a leg over the other.
the bear rumbles heavily feeling her heads rubbing through the extra thick warm plushy bear fur. The bear snuggles up close wrapping her massive forepaws around the female giving a very soft warm feral bear hug.
She huffs softly and sits back, her ears parallel to the ground now in slight frustration with herself.
the bear starts lifting her head up high, her right hind leg begins to thump on the ground. She shows her thick furry neck.
she begins I rumble heavily as the female rubs up and down he log fuzzy bear chin. She huffs heavy murring out loud.
She puts her paws atop her belly and presses in, the soft fur and pudge pillowing out and around her claws when she does.
She giggles softly as her ears perk up again, loosening and forgetting about the earlier stress.
the massive feral bear would stand on again and slowly start moving around the room sniffing. She was a bit bored and trying to find some fun. The kind of fun only a dominate one could provide, maybe a few drinks and a good talk who knows he bear was up for anything.
She smiles a bit as her tummy groans softly, deciding to get up and stretch* Well Ah'm starved... Am gonna go get some food, may be back later though for more talks. *She smiles softly and shakes both of the newly met people's hands before waving a short goodbye.
the massive feral bear looks at him and smiles moving her body to lay it down right next to him, she presses her very soft furry side to his side sharing warmth in the cold night.
the bear smiles a bit watching him press his face to her very warm soft furry side. The long heavy bear slowly coils her body around him a bit snuggling the male right to her very chubby belly.
The massive bear slowly wraps her huge paws around him, the very soft leather like forepaw pads slowly press onto his body as she brings him into a very firm snuggling spot. She brings her hind paws around his legs pressing his whole body against her stomach and chest. The thick fur molds and presses into his fur, her fur goes deep into his pressing onto the soft flesh under his fluff letting him feel how warm and how soft the bear fur was. The bear presses her massive paws onto his body more letting her thick soft paw pads press deep into the muscles along his long wolf back, his blood would slowly flow into more and more of his muscle mass helping him to relax. She presses his face and snout right into her sweet musky smelling fluffy warm neck, the feeling of her massive heart thumping in her chest and her pulse moving through her neck was strong. Her hot humid breath blows down his back as her chest slowly rises and lowers. She starts nosing up and down his spine with her thick wet cold nose. The bear rumbles deeply loving the embrace of the wolf~.
the massive bear looks at the sad wolf and she huffs a small amount lowering her snout down to his face, her thick wet tongue slowly slides up and down his wet eyes pulling away the tears. Her massive forepaws slowly knead up and down his back kneading into the tense muscles. Pressing his right ear above her heart she lets him listen to the soothing thump thump of her heart. She looks down at the said wolf making her whimper a small amount after he said his small speech to the group she slowly opens the strange looking pouch on her belly. The bear lifts the smaller canine up slowly slipping him into the silky smooth pouch. The inside of her pouch was covered by a very silky soft warm pink skin, it moulds to every inch of his body as she sinks him fully into the pouch. She gently rubs her massive right forepaw along the outside of the pouch pressing the extremely soft warm pouch skin along his back, the bear slowly loewers her soft wet snout to gently nuzzle along his ears. She begins to coo in an extra soft soothing mother bear way humming as she nuzzles slowly in circles along his ears and head..
the bear hums into his ears letting the soothing sound of her bear humming gently into his ears. The bear nods slowly seeing if the wolf would want to talk about the problems going on. "its safe to talk about it here hun, we both care and we want to see you happy okay". she gives a slow long gently lap on his cheek. her massive bear heart keeps thumping and now gently pulsing around him with the soft warm silky skin, the bear pats her belly wanting luger to join in some snuggles and loving.
I'm kinda context and don't want to ruin the mood with what I already have.
the massive bear keeps the smaller canine deep within the very warm soft silky smooth pouch, she giggles a bit looking down at the canine. She smiles wide as he nuzzles deeper and deeper into the very warm soothing pouch. The bear slowly and gently closes the entrance to her pouch letting the pouch become warmer and the sounds of her heart bear thumping in rhythm, a soothing thumping rhythm of her heart were calming. The massive bear produces a lot of warmth to the nice soothing feeling of her soft silky smooth walls rubbing up and down his back from her forepaws rubbing the outside of her pouch.
the bear looks down at the nose poking out of her pouch making her smile wide, she slowly lowers her snout to his snout nosing at it and giving it a slow warm kiss. The pouch around him begins to give him a full body rub, soft tail rubs along the very sensitive walls of her pouch making her rumble deeply around him.
she rumbles heavy looking down at the snout, The bear was relaxed and happy. "I am glad i could help you, your such a cutie and people like you deserve to be happy always". she licks the snout and relaxes herself.
licks back rubbing his back against her warm pouch, giving small woofs.
licks the white.
smiles a little while looking happily at you.
brush his suit and tie.
drinks the milk in a single gulp.
leaves some notes on the table.
the massive bear slowly pads into the area with a smile along her muzzle, she takes in the fresh smell and moves in deeper. She finds herself at the bean bags again letting her body flop down on the bean bag. She rumbles heavy flopping on her side acting a bit silly.
Finds bryans hiding spot.
the bear waves to Rudy with her right massive forepaw. She was in the mood for some action and waved Rudy over patting an empty bean bag.
the bear smiles watching ruby make her way over to the large bear, she looks at the female and smiles ears perked up a small amount listening to her. The bear nods a few times looking at her, "I have seen you a few times also and never really seemed to get to know you also. My name is booker it is very nice to meet you ruby". she looks down at the hand and smiles moving her thick snout closer to it to give it a few sniffs.
The Wolfcoon made his way over to the sofa, sitting down and crossing his legs. Putting his warm tea to his lips and taking a sip.
looks over at the two eyeing the package of cookies, quietly drinking his tea.
The Zangoose finally arrives back at the lounge, huffing a bit as she flops into a bean bag chair face first. She wore the same outfit but with a black flannel instead* Mrrrrrrrph..... *Underneath the noises were actual words, but there was too much plastic chair in her face to even speak.
so he's not real... His personality... All programmed...
the planet starts to shake and ruble as a loud echoing voice goes around the planet * hello every little life forms *he smirks as he looks down at the planet by his maw, his shadow covering the earth as the temperature starts to drop as the sun shines on his fur .
 smiles * hey guys! *he walks over to the bar near Flare and Mina.
the planet starts to shake and ruble as a loud echoing voice goes around the planet * hello every little life forms *he smirks as he looks down at the planet by his maw, his shadow covering the earth as the temperature starts to drop as the sun shines on his fur .
looks at flares OJ.
smiles* Thanks! *ponders a bit* oh! Sorry, I-i not good with talking with people, forgot to introduce myself, M-my names T-trevor, im a lynx, you guys probably already knew this, *nervously chuckes.
Smiles* thank you very much Mina, its great that im in great paws. *feels more comfortable now.
giggled* everyone with a smile always is always mood lightening, *turns over to flare.
nervously waving at the dark figure.
astonished* im surprised people can still be that way, *takes a sip out of his cup and shakes his head.
quickly* But! Props to you for getting shit done, *smiles.
sigh, then gets excited* hey! Thanks *smiling.
 looks over to ruby, then looks away disappointed,.
looks over to mina then says a little more quietly.
he gives a small chuckle* i dont usually find women, plus im sort of awkward *blushes a little and looks down.
embarassed* Im sorry, i didnt mean to offend, you seem very comfortable with everyone, *turns back around and drinks to himself.
 nods in understanding.
trevor smiles.
Trevor's ears perk up a bit.
eyes open a bit* "whoa..." *he chuckles.
 Nods * well wasnt really expecting that, cool to know. *he smiles and finishes his orange juice.
you see trevors smirk going from each side of his face* well, so everyone IS comfortable with each other, thats sorta the reason why i walk down here. *smiling.
 nods understandingly * Ill try and be a bit my social then. *chuckles.
Blade walked into the room as he patted his belly. He looked around to see what was nearby .
he shook his head.
walks into the bar, almost as if he's dragging his feet, he lets out a sigh and sits at the bar.
tiredly and yawning* just finished work, my feet hurt *chuckling.
walks over to the couch, and just flops.
lights up a little.
 getting excited .
as he smiles at her, still laying down on the couch.
gets up quickly and strides off to the tea, before he picks up the tea, he stretches and flexes a little, to wake himself up, grabs the tea and sits down with the rest.
looks around.
smiles at the quick remark.
blushes at the sight of flare.
fuck it, they'd figure it out sooner or later...
yells ovee to the unknown loon.
wakes up from the chair he sat in depression after his double rejection yesterday.
enjoying the gin, he eventually finishes fairly quickly with a ling exhale after wards .
grunts and finishes his gin.
eyes widen at the sight of the dagger.
 you can tell thst trevor os feeling self conscious.
smiles and goes to the cvair and sips on his tea.
enter inside.
This one's a keeper!.
I'm not looking forward to washing all of these later....
considers then says quietly.
smile and nods at his comment then says quietly.
actually nervous of the tension.
smiles at Mina heartedly.
winces at the head pat .
stays quiet but then considers.
smiling at the enjoyment from Hindai, then seens Terran.
scratches the back of his head.
squints his eyes.
looks at Mina.
bobs his head a bit.
happy that he being useful.
sits back on the bar, smiling.
looks behind him.
grabs a cup with ice, adds a lime, and pours the gin.
yawns widely as the drink was making him sleepy.
smirks cuz of it.
tilts his head.
motioning to sit by him at the bar.
excited that someone actually join him.
catches it and fills ot almost perfectly, no foam over or nothing,.
looks a terran, taking another girl, considers and walks back to his chair, gin in his hand.
sits up, now a bit more perky now that he actually has someone.
looking down sipping on his gin.
smiling* "your welcome" *takes a sip out of gin and tries to take her hand.
smiling still, moves closer to surrie.
smiles* "Yeah my little fluffs" *giggles a bit.
it's a hologram.
After saying that, he lifts her paw and kisses it.
as he stretches and finishes his drink.
collapse on the couch, sleeping.
yawns, and holds on to her hand a little tighter now.
blushing, now* well, lets get to it then,  *getting up, and Sticks his paw out to help the lady.
he gave a light nod.
looked over at the conversation, smiling at what was said.
smiling very widely.
tilts hos head slightly .
trevors looking dumbfounded at the history.
Points to the rules.
walks up to her,  sort of close.
She softly clicked, her heel'd wedges blending in with the floor as she strode across the bar. A loose-fitting emerald dress hung from her shoulders and chest, strings holding the chest tighly against he to give her the appearance of a small cleavage. The fox stopped, arching her tail curiously as she leaned forward along the bar, smiling tiredly and letting her ears perk against raven and violet hair..
scratches back of his head, bkushing.
looks out into the bar one last time, smiling heavily.
chuckles in excitement.
he cleared his throat.
walking out of the room.
quickly takes a gulp of water and advil and passes it back, and proceeds to stretch and wince in pain.
follows her lead, exhauatingly.
cough* my clothes *cough.
smiling* "thank you" *undresses the rest of himself and decides to turn on the shower, not excited to feel the water.
finishing up his dreaded shower, he wait at the head of the bed with a towel around him, exhausted.
nods and chuckles.
coming down the stares looking around the room, to see the otter.
studying anami.
walks in sits at the bar.
sheepishly waves as he walks in and takes his own seat at the bar.
puts some sugar in stirring it and taking a small sip .
tail wags licking his lips.
pokes the hooded figure softly, tail waving curiously.
waves* Just a bit alive. Give me a few hours and ill die again I'm sure. *plops down into his own seat.
chuckles at the drops on the table.
chuckles back and wipes the table down.
grins back and shrugs.
walks up to the bar and takes a seat.
waves at the newcomer.
The bright eyed Wolfcoon made his way into the room. Sporting a pair of tight black jeans and a top that hugged his body he made his way over to the two furs with a shy wave.
He giggles a little watching Rumble, calmly placing his paws on the counter and leaning forward. His eyes would wonder off to the selection of alcohol before returning them to attention on the two.
Klaus smirks and stares at Rumble.
raises an eyebrow before returning his attention to the alcohol, reaching over the counter and grabbing a large bottle of red wine. Klaus shrugs to himself grabbing a glass and pouring himself a bit to drink.
Sneakily slides up to the bar beside the Wolfcoon and rests his head in his paw.
His eyes drift to over to Rumble noticing him bent over the counter.
Klaus waves to Xy as he sips at his wine, sliding the bottle over to Bad. Pulling over a bar stool he takes a seat up at the bar watching the others quietly.
The Hyena grabs the bottle of wine and takes a large gulp of it straight from the bottle. He looks over at the Wolfcoon with a grin and teasingly tugs his ear.
glares at the Hyena keeping my attention on my drink as he tugs my ear like a cub.
Bad giggles to himself and pulls up a stool as well, taking large sips from the wine bottle and wagging his tail behind him, hearing the new voice behind him.
The Hyena laughed to himself as the wine started to sink in, pulling the coons large fluffy tail biting his lip.
Klaus rolls his eyes and crosses his legs staring down the bar, ignoring the hyenas not so subtle advances.
continues to tug at Klaus's tail watching Rumble down his shots, a small grin across his face as he stared.
The Hyena giggles and scoots his rump up onto the bar, sitting on the counter and taking large gulps of wine from the bottle boredly.
Bad slides down in front of Jace on the bar, letting his legs hang down on each side of him as he holds out the bottle of wine.
The Hyena laughed at Jaces surprise and poured some wine into his glass, purposefully placing the bottle between his legs and making it as sexual as possible.
Looks over at Ryan with a smile.
The Hyena grins and spreads his legs a bit more, a bulge clearly showing in his tight Jean short shorts, he holds the bottle in front of his crotch as he pulls off his shirt with his free paw.
Watches Rumble and snickers a little, quietly watching the "show" that the hyena seems to be putting on.
Bad murrs with a large grin across his face staring down at Ryan between his legs.
eyes the shot glass that's appeared in the counter and shrugs setting down my own empty glass, taking the clear shot and knocking it back.
He bites his lip and without hesitation undoes his short shorts, pushing them down his legs as he lets his large Hyena shaft flop out in front of Ryan.
The Hyena smiles blushing a little as his cock begins to pulse and stiffen a little from all the attention.
He murrs from Ryan's tongue running over his tip, biting his lip and looking over at Jace.
Klaus blushes staring down the bar and eying the tall fox, keeping himself buried in his drink.
gasps and moans before he can respond to jace, feeling Ryan's wet maw engulf his hard Hyena cock* ooh~ fuck that's nice~ *he runs his paw over rumbles head murring to himself.
The Wolfcoon smiles shyly looking up at Jace as he sits down next to him.
Bad murrs loudly and thrusts his hips forward as the wolf bobs his head along his large shaft, pre dripping from his tip already.
The smaller Wolfcoon smiles and gently takes the Foxes paw.
bites his lip as his large balls are massaged, more pre oozing from the tip as he stares at the wolf.
Klaus nods crossing his legs tightly and pushing his empty wine glass towards Xy.
giggles a little.
Bad moans out a bit louder as the two engulf his cock and balls into their maws, pushing down on Ryan's head as he starts thrusting into the wolfs throat.
Klaus smiled and looked over the much taller Fox, his tail swaying behind him as he murrs quietly,* heheh~ *He keeps his legs crossed tightly trying his best to hide the blush across his face.
The Hyena moans loudly as his cock pulses hard in the wolfs throat, pulling on his ears he pushes Ryan's nose into his fur, cumming hard down his tight throat.
Klaus smiled and took the Martini, looking it over rather pleased with the scent. The Wolfcoon raised his glass before he takes a small sip and let's the flavor sink into his tongue and the alcohol to his head..
The loud Hyena pulled out of the wolfs maw and held his shaft in his paw, shooting strands of hot hyena seed all over the two.
Klaus continues to sip at the drink, the alcohol loosening him up as he lets he eyes gaze over Jace's form. He carelessly uncrossed his legs revealing the large bulge that has been trapped beneath the Wolfcoons tight jeans, a smirk across his face* hehe it is incredibly good~ *he reached into his pocket and slid Xy a $10.
The Hyena pants watching the two as he emptied his balls onto them, picking up the wine bottle again and taking a large gulp.
Klaus snickers, biting at the collar of his shirt, hugging his more feminine form.
Bad drunkenly hands Ryan the bottle, murring loudly as Rumble works over his cum covered shaft.
The Wolfcoon murred looking over Jace's body again, taking another large sip of his drink. He hiccups and blushes a little feeling the alcohol in his system as he adjusts his constricting pants.
Klaus murred rather loudly and nodded.
The Wolfcoon giggled and hiccuped again, sliding out of his seat and moving over to the large fox, sliding his rump into Jace's lap and sipping more at his martini with a smile.
Klaus giggles leaning back into the fox and swaying his tail.
The Wolfcoon finishes off his drink and sets the glass down on the bar, grinding his rump back against Jace's lap.
giggles and smirks grinding back a bit harder against Jace, leaning forward and rubbing my paws up Xy's legs.
murrs between the two with a hiccup and giggles.
The Wolfcoon giggled and grabbed Xy's ass, lifting him up onto the counter and setting him down there. He pulls at his own pants and gently pushes them down as he leans forward on the bar between Xy's legs, showing off his plump striped rump to Jace.
Blushes hard and murrs looking back at the Fox's large length, bending over Xy's lap Klaus lifts his tail and shake his rump at Jace a little, his tight cyan tailhole left unguarded from the fox.
Klaus blushes as Xy's shaft grabs his full attention, his own cyan shaft throbbing between his legs as the Wolfcoon gently glides his bright tongue up along Xy's length. Taking in his scent he keeps his rump held high for the fox behind him, pushing back wantingly as he feels Jace's large cock aligned to his tailhole.
Klaus gasps and let's out a soft moan as Jace pushes his large fox shaft into his tight little tailhole, spreading wide around his length. The Wolfcoons hot breathe washing over Xy's shaft as he slowly wraps his lips around the tip and slowly takes the large oozing shaft into his maw.
Klaus murrs along Xy's length as he starts to bob his head along his shaft, saliva covering his cock as he works his tongue along him. His own shaft dripping with pre feeling Jace stroking back and forth along his large length. The Wolfcoons walls tightening around the fox's shaft as it throbs deep inside of him.
The Wolfcoon moans around Xy's large wet shaft as the vulpine starts thrusting into his tight tailhole. His own shaft pulsing hard as he swallows down Xy's precum pushing his large cyan shaft down his tight throat, pushing his nose into Xy's fur.
Klaus gasps and blushes feeling the knots pounding against him as his own cock twitches and throbs, unable to take the attention he cums hard onto the fox's paw and the floor, coating it in sticky coon seed. His walls tighten around Jace's invading shaft as he orgasms and moans out around Xy's knot.
Klaus moans blushing hard as Jace's knot stretches his tailhole forcing his way inside. His moans muffled by Xy's large oozing cock as he takes his shaft deep into his tight throat over and over.
The Wolfcoon blushes deeply feeling the pairs load fill him from each end, swallowing down as much of Xy's seed as he can as the rest spills out onto hips lips and chin. His back arches feeling Jace emptying his balls into his stretched cyan tailhole. Gently he pulls off of Xy's cock and pants softly, sweat dripping from his body.
Klaus blushes and smirks a little giving Xy's tip a small kiss and licking his lips* good job boys~ *he giggles and pants, his hair messily in his face.
Klaus giggled.
winces a little and pulls my hips forward, pulling loose from Jace's large knot* mmf. Quite heheh. I don't get around much *Klaus smiled still blushing.
giggles shyly poking at my cyan shaft.
 Gives a bit of a sigh my self..
 Sits on the arm of the couch..
 I smile and sit in the spot you made for me..
 I grin a bit looking over at you..
 Giggles a bit. running my paw through my hair..
 Notices your blush and i lean over on you..
 Blushes my self and giggles murring as the hand rubbed my chest..
 Places my paw on your thy and nuzzles close..
 Giggles,Blushes and smiles moving my paw up to your crotch. I lean over kissing your neck..
Kuledud3 intensifies.
drearily pulls himself up from under the bar, having spent the night under it as he wipes his eyes.
walks in and sits at the bar.
walking grudgingly in the bar exhausted but happy.
lays his head on the bar, looking over at Trevor* Boreeeddd. *pouts.
murrs softly at the pats, his tail wagging idly.
gives a gentle flick of his ears in acknowledgement and smiles.
he hops behind the bar, his tail wrapping around a glass, bringing it to the tap as he pours a glass of water and slides it down the counter to you.
his eyes go wide as he waves his tail behind him curiously, a deep purr rumbling from him as he walks down towards you, leaning onto the counter.
cocks his head at you* So you can do magic through emotions? Or is it through important objects? *smiles nervously as he looks down.
smiles and nods as you walk off, sitting down on the counter idly twiddling his paws.
hugs too. Get better soon.
nods as he hops off his counter space, padding softly over to the windows and shutting them.
gently sneaks into the kitchen, taking a look at the stew before shrugging and rummaging through the cabinets before finding what he wants, adding some crushed peppermint leaves to the stew before walking back out into the bar area and taking a seat on the counter again, returning to idly twiddling his thumbs.
slides off the bar as he starts rummaging through the bar, trying to be as quiet as possible before setting some spoons and bowls next to the pot.
walking in the bar.
waves at Trevor as he walks in, before rolling off the counter and onto the floor with a thud.
yawns on the floor and waves his paws* Im boreedd. And the floor is cold. *purrs softly.
gets up off the floor as his ears perk a bit.
he said depressingly.
grabs all four shots and drinks it all.
notices hindais eye staring at me.
contemplating then grabbing the bottle of ryans hands and gulps it down, almost 1/4 is left,* "you cant beat me, there *hick.
takes it back gulping the rest down * "hehe *hick.
chuckles softly as he watches you two, tail swishing.
sips the water, shakingly.
sighs as he grabs the glass from you gently, watching your shaking* Kids sometimes man... *slowly walks into the kitchen as he adds various herbs to the glass before coming out and handing it back.
smiles and nods.
notices* I-im not that *swallows.
gently shakes his head at the newest birthday fur from behind the bar.
rolls his eyes and sighs, grabbing the glass before you drop it* If ya wake up and feel like you've been in a car wreck tomorrow don't blame me. *chuckles softly to himself.
smiles softly.
walks into the kitchen, giving everyone a wave as he closes the door behind him.
smiling gladly.
he considers.
shark noises.
he walks out from the kitchen, yawning as quietly as he can as he eases the door closed again and looks around the place, rubbing sleep from his eyes.
waves at Fenrir as he goes about cleaning up the bar some, setting glasses in the sinks and tossing out empty bottles before grabbing himself a glass of water.
chuckles softly and shrugs.
chuckles softly as he starts wiping down the counter* Long as ya didn't wake the patient with all your romping around. *starts organizing the dishes to be cleaned.
nods at the entry as he continues his dishes, his tail waving about as it grabs each clean glass and sets it away under the bar behind him.
cocks his head a bit as he turns to you.
smiles and as he watches from behind the counter, waving at the strange new wolf as he walks back in.
chuckles as he nods at Hindais help, handing him some wood polish.
he chuckled, taking the Polish and grabbing a rag.
his ears perk as he glances over* Is that a story queue I hear, or a don't ask me? *he chuckles quietly to himself as he busies himself with cleaning the fridge.
smiles from behind the bar, giving a wave.
smiles warmly as he walks over, giving a gentle poke to the menu.
nods as he disappears behind the kitchen door with a farewell flick of his tail, the sounds of plates being rattled shortly audible as he rummages around looking for ingredients.
A large fluffy cat stumbles through the door. He is wearing nothing but a pair of boxer briefs, and looks very nervous and out of breath.
licks paw and grooms his blue hair.
soon he walks back from behind the door, his tail carrying the plate before it swings its way to the front of you, the plate holding salmon sashimi with half discs of lemon on one side and adorned with quarter discs of lime, the citrus flavors mixing.
chimes in as he sets the plate down in front of the patron at the bar.
grins a bit as he looks over.
walks over to tap you on the shoulder smiling warmly.
raises his eye brows.
chuckles to himself as he says under his breath* Wonder how dragons fire works for cooking... *clears his throat as he nods back at Fenrir.
I take the food I was offered and begin eating. Showing I was thankful for your graduation of getting me something to eat.
meeps as his tails curl, lightly blushing as he stammers* Y- your w-welcome. *he quickly moves back to his patron, flushed.
smiles as he slowly works to calm himself down, nodding.
points to the stairs as he sets the money behind him.
while Hindai looks away, he quietly steps over, looking over his shoulder at the shipment papers curiously, not having noticed them before.
smiles as he pads away over to Milo, deciding to ask Hindai at a later time what the papers were and how it all worked.
smiles back as he nods, not moving away one bit as you hear a glass being grabbed under the counter then a liquid poured, finally his tail coming into view as it gently sets the gin on the counter in front of you* Any other requests? *he grinned wide, particularly impressed with himself.
he pads over, taking a look in the boxes and then giving you a tap* Care for any help? *he starts grabbing some items, not waiting for an answer as he restocks with you, careful to follow your example.
notices your shirt.
chuckles as he walks over, leaning on the counter.
licks paw and smoothes hair.
grins and nods* Bartenders preference it is. *walks into the kitchen, coming out with a lime, ginger ale and a glass full of ice. His tail grabs a bottle of cocunut rum as he fills the glass about 3/4th the way of ginger ale and squeezes the lime juice in, finally adding a shot of the rum before sliding it over.
nods at him as he watches him walk away, curious to what made him run off so quick.
smiles warmly.
nuzzles into your touch.
excuses himself from Trevor as he grabs a coffee mug, filling it halfway with cream before pouring the coffee in before he grabs a toothpick, swirling it before he brings the mug over, the cream having dissolved enough to have been carved into a yawning cat of some kind.
pouts a bit, but visibly pleased by the kiss and attention.
smiles down at the sleeping patron, gently removing the coffee mug and setting it nearby as he replaces it with a warmed plush pillow, almost with a confused expression on his face.
chuckles and nods down at you pointing to the mug.
nods as he stores the strange pillow away, sliding your coffee mug to you as he goes back to tending the bar.
stares at you a bit, looking for the words.
walks over as he grabs a rag and some lemons, standing near you.
looks under the sink, grabbing the baking soda as he prepares a bowl, mixing it with lemon juice until it turns into an oily substance, then applying it to the rag.
slowly dabs the cloth, the glitter easily pulling off your fur as it clings to the more moisturized cloth.
sighs as he finishes cleaning you, tail waving as he nods looking over your arms, torso, neck, and back before shaking his head.
nods softly and starts washing the rag out, cleaning up the rest of the mess he made.
meeps softly at the nip before going about his cleaning quietly, hiding his muzzle.
as he finishes cleaning, he walks over to you with his tail twirling curiously behind him.
nods softly as he walks over, picking up some of the boxes.
follows him to the back, careful not to drop any of the supplies as he starts talking about various strange herbs for cooking that he wonders if it'd be worth ordering.
opens the kitchen door, coming back up from the cellar as he glances around the bar, wondering what had changed since he had left.
blinks a bit in surprise at the abrupt departure, chuckling to himself.
chuckles as he glances to Rumble* Awake finally? *he teases.
smiles gently and waves* Doing pretty well. Its been a rather good last few hours. *his smile widens a bit as he muses to himself.
sits himself up on the bar, legs gently swinging as he sighs to himself in a bit of relief.
nods as he slides off the counter and walks around the bar* Guess I should clean up at the very least... *starts taking the various plates and dishes on the tables.
smiles up at you* I appreciate that, everyone's been rather helpful today. *laughs gently to himself as he carries his handful of dishes to the sink, before starting to wipe down each table.
looks over at you as you clean the counter.
chuckles as his tail grabs them both, bringing it to his paws as he starts polishing the tables and chairs.
gives a strange look towards you, tail waving curiously.
nods in understanding as he looks to Surrie, waving.
waves at everyone* Hello and goodnight. Time for my catnap, *chuckles softly as he walks into the kitchen to head to bed.
pops his head out the door to look at you* I almost forgot... Goodnight Hindai. And of course not. I sleep on the cabinets in the kitchen. *chuckles softly as he disappears behind the door again.
goes back to sleep.
the massive feral bear was laying on her back in the middle of the room pawing at the air with her massive forepaws. She was grunting at nothing as she was a bit bored.
takes a seat at the bar.
slowly opens the kitchen door with a loud yawn, letting it close behind him as he leans on the bar, looking around.
chuckles as he waves from the counter as you both walk by, ears perking at the sounds in the kitchen.
smiles back warmly.
calls out from the kitchen as he hears the question.
chuckles softly as he takes over the stove, busying himself as he finally seems to have decided what he wanted for breakfast.
gives a nod of his head, clearly a bit absorbed in what looks like a terrible mess he's making.
finally steps out of the kitchen, setting a plate down on the bar filled with two breakfast burritos as he takes his own seat and waves at Mina.
murrs happily as he pats his belly, happy to be full before he starts grabbing plates, sliding the plate with some pancakes on it towards the raptor, recalling the pronunciation from earlier.
chuckles softly as he continues grabbing plates, bringing them to the sink before disappearing into the kitchen to clean his mess.
walks out from the kitchen, glancing around as he wipes his hands on a rag from his cleaning yesterday and waves to the suddenly busy bar.
smiles and waves back at Hinda* Good morning. *turns to Mina with a chuckle as he waves his paw.
smiles back and waves* Hello again, nice to meet ya last night. *he turns to Mina with a pleading look.
he cocks his head at you.
giggles softly and nods* In case I have to write you a letter... I shall leave you my will! *he laughs at his joke, tail waving.
laughs and winks at Hindai as he starts checking over patrons.
chuckles softly as his tail wags.
he looks down at the card, flipping it over and inspecting it before looking back at you.
eeps and blushes, tail curling around his waist as he turns away, returning to wiping the bar down from breakfast.
Marvels in silence at the weapon.
chuckles softly as he walks around the counter, looking around the bar at what was going on.
presses paws together,half clapping.
he glances over as he hears him speak, getting a sly grin on his muzzle as he turns* You left out pursuer of a drakess'. *he snickers as he sits down on a bar stool.
That's a good boy....
huffs a bit as he stares at Fenrir.
smiles as his tail twirls* Wit may as well be my only weapon. How is your day going friend? *grins a bit.
waves back as you greet everyone.
laughs gently as he pats the stool next to him.
waves at Sioux, giving him a soft smile.
he swivels around to face Flare, paws clasping in interest* What does that show includeee? *the last word is dragged out, his tail waving curiously.
huffs a bit as his tail drops and he nods* Probably.... *his tone goes lower as he says under his breath.
his face brightens in a blush as he leers at you* Quiet you, not even sure how you heard that. *his face goes a bit deeper red as his leer turns to Flare in an incredulous stare.
puts his muzzle in his paws, cursing himself* What did I get myself into... *he looks back up at Fenrir, his flush disappearing as he calms down.
smiles warmly and nods* That makes more sense than fighters! I try my best to not pry where I shouldn't, but cats and their curiosity. *laughs softly.
his eyes go wide as he holds up his paws* Ten grand... Thats... *counts on his fingers.
laughs softly and nods.
smiles wide* That'd impress me... Any of them involve revoking the flow of time? *gets a soft sad look in his eyes.
his tone turned excited as he looks you in the eyes.
smiles in acknowledgement.
smiles warmly* For a moment I was worried you would say the glowing scale place. *reaches out to touch your fur.
smiles and blushes as he nods.
waves his azure paws in front of you.
waves at Flare as you sit, giving a welcoming smile.
waits for flare.
his flush comes back as he stammers a bit* W-what... *his eyes close as he sighs, laying back.
chuckles as he looks around, getting nervous at the attention he's attracted.
shakes his head* The way back isn't pleasant either... Its accompanied by nothing but sorrow of my own foolish emotions. *gives a weak smile.
smiles and nods.
smiles and gets a nice glint in his eye.
laughs and elbows you* Cheap skate... *he grins as his tail flicks back.
raises an eyebrow as his tail taps him on the shoulder* You could get Flare a toy couldn't ya? *snickers* Or yourself. *he laughs softly to himself as he turns to Sioux.
giggles and pets your head. I lay down on the floor as I place my hands behind my head smiling.
laughs gently and checks the clock.
shrugs and settles down on the floor next to you, leaving Fenrir and the wuffita to tease each other.
laughs and grins.
cocks his head.
he hmmed softly to himself in wonder, tail waving curiously behind him.
blushes and squeaks a bit as his tail curls* Y- yeah I'm usually correct. *he lets out a soft nervous chuckle.
smiles and shakes his head.
chuckles softly as he pokes your side, tail waving behind him again.
looks up at Flare and Fenrir as he lays on a heavy begging tone.
pouts and rolls onto his side with a soft sigh.
grins playfully up at him.
laughs softly and grins wide* Go get em tiger. *he laughs louder at his own stupid ironic joke.
grins and nods as he gets up, walking back behind the counter.
winks as he grabs a glass, some ice and a bottle of scotch.
grins and gently bops your nose* That isn't true in the slightest. *he dissapears into the kitchen, coming back with lemons, some powdered sugar, ginger ale, his tail holding a bottle and a pitcher before he sets it all on the counter, his paws moving quickly as he squeezes the lemon into the glass, followed by the ice. He adds in a teaspoon of the sugar then two drops from the strange bottle.
he tips everything in the glass into the pitcher, then fills the glass with scotch before dumping that in well, finally filling it with two more glasses of ginger ale before sliding the glass and pitcher to you.
smiles and waves as Ryu walks in.
blushes a bit, stammering over words* "Well, I hear tell of performances. . . and I've offered in the past to do a . . . bit of a song and dance as it were, for the people here. . . and, well. . . " He trails off, and says a bit too loudly, clearly embarassed and having said too much, "You should ask someone else! I'm new here too!" *blushes more.
hearing the trouble, he grabs a bottle of Malibu sunshine, disappearing into the kitchen before coming out with grapefruit juice. He quickly mixes the two half and half, then walking over and holding the drink out to the lost miss.
smiles as you take the drink, then pointing over on a nearby couch for an explanation, the couch filled with Lotus' and Trevors' nude forms.
smiles and nods softly* Not always public. *he felt a bit bad for the lack of understanding, he reached out offering an azure paw to her.
sits at the bar sipping a monster.
gives a wave to Ryan, trying not to take too much attention from the lost and confused patron.
smiles softly as his paw is held out.
his paw glows a soft blue, some of the English conjunctions and adjectives snapping together with her native language before the glow faded away.
chuckles and gives a sad smile* I only wish it was so... Welcome to this place. Id give you a name, but I I'm still in training and the other bar tender who was teaching me yesterday got a little... *coughs awkwardly.
he excused himself from his new guest, letting her know if she needed anything to grab him as he walks back to the bar* What can I get you hun? *he says, looking at Lotus.
his tail grabs a glass, raising it to the dispenser as he fills it with water before sliding it gently onto the counter.
sighs and snaps his fingers in front of Ryan and chuckles.
his tail grabs another glass, and a paw grabbing a third of the night as he fills both, sliding it to their respective owners before turning to Ryan.
he glances over, flicking his tail as he grins* Oh? Is there a problem with my blue paws making it? *he laughs playfully.
blushes* "Oh, uh, yeah. . . I'm too afraid to go get my old clothes, and I only had one set. . . I don't have much money for new threads, I'm afraid." *looks embarassed.
chuckles softly and points to a stripper pole* Tips? *he says jokingly, before laughing himself.
grins wide, his tail lashing back and fourth quickly as he doesn't give you the chance to take the offer back, dashing behind the door and into the kitchen.
he comes back out, walking over to Asa's table a placing a glass and a pitcher down, the biggest shit eating smile on his face, clearly excited to being given non alcoholic freedom, the top half of the pitcher holding a yellow color as it transitions down in a blue tone* Here you are. *he sets a lavender sprig in the glass as he walks away.
takes a hesitant sip, wondering what he's gotten himself into* It actually tastes suprisingly good! .
laughs and grins.
smiles, takes a long sip.
I grab his arm and drag him into the beanbag with me.
laughs softly as walks over, grabbing two glasses as his tail grabs a bottle of merlot ross and setting it on your table* Please don't break anything. *he smiles as he walks back to tend the bar.
he waves, tail curling as he wipes some glasses down.
he looks over your shoulder with a soft purr as his tail taps your side* Watcha reading there? *he ask, his tail waving curiously.
chuckles gently and smiles* So... Mind if I bother you a tad or should I wait? *he grins and leans on the counter across from you.
smiles and purrs softly.
chuckles and shakes his head.
laughs and nods as he walks into the kitchen, holding the door open for you to follow, his tail wagging slightly behind him.
he asks, the door closing behind him as he purrs gently.
laughs gently and shakes his head.
his ears perk as he grins, before giving a small bark.
his tail wags faster as he nods, handing you a knife as his tail opens the fridge, grabbing out the sirloin and some onions.
he turns to you with a chuckle* Have you not done sirloin tips before? *he starts peeling the onions skin off.
smiles* One of my favorite meals honestly. Once you have them browned let me know, we will need to add the onions and mushrooms. *he starts mincing the onions, his paws starting to glow a soft blue.
finishing with the onions, he switches to mushrooms, heading back to the fridge to grab out some portobellos, slicing them up as well, his tail giving a teasing poke to yours.
grins as he grabs some butter and borrows your knife, putting some into the pan as well as the onions and mushrooms, sauting them with the meat.
gives a sniff and turns to you, leaning back on some counters.
pulls you to the bar.
chuckles softly as he scratches the back of his head.
As I'm pulled to the bar, I make a slightly embarassing "eep" noise, similar to the squark of a bird, I try to look casual as I stand by the bar, blushing heavily while I look at the new people.
Slowly sitting down by Ryan, I look at the tea he is drinking and nod my head.
sheepishly smiles, trying his best to give a nonchalant shrug.
smiles and pours you a glass.
I wave at Trevor, bombarded by the new faces I try not to be too shy while I grab the tea* I'm alright, I just got back from university. *I then just realise that I still have my leather satchle over my shoulder and take it off, placing it beside me.
I wave my hand around to signify the general nature of universities.
laughs gently as his tail waves* Awkward to try to get into somebodys pants when you hardly know if they are interested... *he glances over at the timer as well, being sure that you're watching.
while watching Ryan drink his, I realise that I still have mine in my paws* Oh, yes *I look down at my tea, remembering it's existance. I take a sip and make the classic "mmm" sound.
while smiling, I sip the tea more.
murrs deeply at the smell, nodding.
I giggle quietly at the fond memories of England while I sip my tea more.
he washes the cutting boards and the knives, tail waving thoughtfully* Might I bother you to mix a lava flow? *grins sheepishly again.
pours another glass taking a sip.
he smiles, tail waving thoughtfully as he waits, before walking out to watch you.
I shyly extend my paw towards you to shake yours.
I gently take your hand and shake it.
the pup smiles and blushes slightly, shaking your paw and feeling accepted.
As Ryan says this, my face quickly goes bright red while he slouches a little, smiling and looking away embarassedly.
chuckles gently as he sits at the bar with his drink, giving another sniff of the food before waiting for you, waving your luminescent fur.
I try to regain my posture while the blushing fades slightly, still feeling a little shy I continue to sip the tea.
The wink brings the blush back as I giggle.
looking around I shrug.
he gets up, storing the food away as he sips his drink, walking over to the conversing group with a flick of his tail, making sure to speak just as the newcomer answers Ryans question.
smiles warmly* I'm Avrus, one of the bartenders. Self instated but that seems to work. I don't think I've formally introduced myself to either of you. *he looks up at Terran and the other new comer, giving a soft chuckle and a wave.
laughs softly and shakes his head.
I put out my paw to Terran.
he looks between Ryan and Terran, perplexed* Is he? I haven't heard these rumors. *he gives a soft nod to the newest guest, smiling.
looks around at all the anthros.
laughs softly and gives a grin to the golden retriever* Oh I'm sure you'll end up remembering some of them... *he gives a sly wink before starting to wipe the bar down.
I look a little surprised at Avrus's comment, blushing bright red for the third time now* I-I-have no clue what you mean *the retrievers voice wavers a little as he speaks.
laughs softly again as he sets his rag aside.
shyly looks down a little.
realising what he has admitted to the pup goes back to drinking his tea.
softly pats the dogs shoulder, smiling* Ill stop teasing. I should retire for the night anyhow. *he gives everyone a wave goodnight.
smiles proudly.
he pads off into the kitchen, the door swinging closed behind him.
looks at the dragon and wolf.
I get up and move over behind Ryan, putting my head on his shoulder.
giggles and noses at you.
the pup climbs onto the wolfs lap.
runs my hands over your body.
sits back against Ryan, feeling his paws go through my fur.
kisses your cheek.
blushes at the surprise kiss, my tail wagging gently beside me.
tail wags and licks your nose.
I grab Ryans paws and wrap them around me, wiggling my rump onto his lap while I smile happily.
smiles* don't wiggle to much you're rump is very nice *winks.
I giggle and cheekily wiggle more into his lap.
kisses your neck.
I tense and gasp, a quiet moan escapes my mouth when Ryan kisses my neck.
licks where I kissed.
you feel my start to relax very quickly when you lick, trying to hold in my moans but they escape anyway.
bites gently and runs my hand down your front.
I gasp and moan, trying to stop myself but I can't.
nuzzles back into you.
sits in a chair and pats the one beside him.
sits next to you shyly.
stands across the table.
looks around.
swishes tail.
extends his arms out to you for a hug.
slowly embraces you.
sits down watching.
hugs Oscar warmly before letting go.
looks at Roxy.
nods getting up and walks over.
goes and hugs the pup.
sits down letting oscar go first.
speaks up* I'm a bart fox and bunny mix.
blasts music from headphones.
rocks out to music.
sits on a chair at the bar, looking into my drink, thinking.
reads a manga looking up at you.
i look over at the wolf.
Smiles sheepishly.
takes a sip* oh, this is Apple juice .
orders a glass for the wolf and hands it to him.
happily takes the cup and drinks the juice.
swishes tail.
sits next to you, thinking as well.
wags my tail happily.
Walks in to find the others.
Waves and snorts.
Wiggles his large pig rump and takes a seat.
severely triggered.
stares at the pig while slowly sipping apple juice.
wriggles it more.
blushes profusely while looking away.
Blushes and snorts.
Blushes harder, turning more red than pink, adjusting my body over my large ass.
Doesnt know what to do, i touch my burning cheek as i keep staring.
i pant as well, wanting the same thing as Rumble.
snorts and looks away, smiling slightly with my porcine snout.
I huff and snort.
slowly gets off the table until the Pig grabs my hand.
licking my lips.
The front of my pants tents, as my member works its way outwards and upwards, making a statement.
looks away, covering my face.
squeezes he pigs rump.
squeals and sits tall.
shyly walks over* h-hi.. *looks down at the floor blushing.
swallows as sweat begins to form on my forehead from all of the attractive animals asking to make due with me.
looks at him with shy eyes.
Huffs as my nostrils flare, I rub my large belly in stress.
swishes tail around.
I pull my large belly backwards and adjust my giant rump to accomodate you.
sits in your lap and feels your erection touching my butt* u-um! mr. p-pig! *blushes.
I snort and blush red. My ass jiggles lightly with your touch, and with my curly tail as it lashes back and forth, showing my excitement. My erection continues to stand straight, poking into oscar, who rests softly in my chubby lap.
blushes deeper as i look down at my aching bulge.
i kneel in front of Rumble and put my paw on his crotch, feeling his hard cock straining his pants.
My ass, composed almost entirely of fat, and lesser of muscle, spills outwards as you pull down my trousers. It holds a rotund shape, despite its large standing, my tail swishes moresome as my large ass is fondled. I snort and poke at oscars notable errection, scoping his expressions and waiting for a reaction.
i squirm and pant cutely while the pig wipes my hot tears away.
i slowly take out your cock and look at it, licking my lips.
My rotund runp fills your hands. I squeal in absolute pleasure as the otter feels and tastes my large self. I blush and remove the wolf's pants, grinding my thick cock, and sloshing, large hog testicles between his smaller ass. I snort and oink in pure ecstacy, enjoying the special treatment..
i look at your 9" cock and slowly bend down, taking it all the way into my mouth and moaning, gagging quietly when it hits the back of my throat. I take it all the way down and then come all the way back up.
i moan cutely and hold onto him close while panting next to his ear.
I grind my thick cock harder between your ass, preparing my entrance. I squirm subtly as my ass continues to be eaten out by a lovely otter. It jiggles and wriggles as my fat body shivers in heat. I slowly push my hard member into the soft backside of the wolf resting upon my lap.
i pant and stare at the pig while he kisses me to ease the pain.
i plunge down on Rumbles cock once more, filling my throat before coming back up and moving to the other side, seeing the pigs large testicles and licking my lips.
As I thrust back and forth within Oscar's backside, one hand moves to his member, and the other to my backside, as I part the thick cushions of fat that are my ass cheeks. My rump is now open as a runway, ready for entrance by the otter, and I begin to leak pre within the wolf.
i beg for more while Rumble stares at me.
i bend down and start to lick at the pigs large testicles, trying to get one in my mouth but it's too big to go in. My nose presses up against his cock in the wolfs ass as I smell a mixture between his musky, the wolfs ass, and the smell of sex.
my eyes brim with happy tears while i moan st the pig.
I mutter* Be careful Oscar. Us pigs have a nasty habit of coming... a lot... Im afraid you wont hold it all... *I drool and squeal in absolute enjoyment as rumble penetrates my thick hog rump. I clench my thick hole, enveloping the throbbing cock within it. The seat becomes covered in pre and drool.
i continue to lick and suck at the large pig balls.
the pig tweaks my nipples as i arch back and let out a howl. I start crying as the pig thrusts harder* i-i feel weird! s-something's leaking!! *i look down at my erection as white liquid comes out of the tip.
the liquid goes down Oscars cock and drips onto my forehead, while I look up to see the young wolf being fucked by the pig.
My porcine balls slosh and shake, filled with sticky, sweet swine cum. I blush red as lash my head backwards from all of the attention. I thrust harder and coarser into the wolf's ass, preparing to unleash my tremendous load. I shiver due to Rumble's special stimulation of my prostate.
i release hard all over the pig's chest while hot tears flow down my cheeks.
With every smack and schlorp I snort and squeal, enjoying the company. I begin to lapp up the sticky sweetness that spilled all over my chest, as I surrender myself like the swine I am to my partners. My ass ripples with Rumble's movement, and I inch closer and closer to climax.
i stare at the pig while he starts to sweat profusely, as he continues thrusting my tight cavern.
the cum descends the pigs chest quickly and drips onto my face. I get up and lap at the pigs cock as he thrusts in and out of the wolfs ass and I lap at Oscars hole as the pig fucks him.
i moan loudly while i keep on squirming.
I smirk and smile at the wolf, licking the drool and cum, dripping from my porcine tusks* Of course darling, but let me finish up here first, I'm undeniably close. *My balls churn and swish as I produce more, upon more, of my sticky seed, a mere moment from expelling my load into the tiny wolf.
I squeal as my cock throbs, and my salty, sweet, sticky swine cum rushes from my sloshing testicles, and out into the wolf. Thick streams fill the wolf, and pour outwards as I release a good four litres of thick, creamy seed. The seat is now covered in cum, and drips down to provide rex with a sweet snack, and something for the pig to lapp up as Rex takes his turn.
i close my eyes and choke back a sob while i feel the warm seed squirt out of my cavern, i watch Rumble pant desperately.
as the cum shoots out Oscars hole it coats me in cum, making my fur white and sticky as it covers my entire head and upper body.
i speak in a sad voice while i look at the drenched Golden Retriever.
i smile up at Oscar* it's all good, this stuff is very moisturising *i giggle.
Isqueal and snort and collapse onto the bar, leaking sweet succulence from both ends. I lick my lips, yearning to enjoy the sticky sweetness covering the floor.* Anybody hsve a snack for the piggy? *I shake my large pink belly.
my eyes fixate on Rumble for s few minutes as he walks over and growls next to my ear, my cheeks blush red while he starts kissing my neck slowly.
I lower myself to the floor, pressing my thick porcine snout and lips unto the floor. I begin to slurp up the thick syrupy cum, my rotund, pink, seed filled rump shakes in the air, waiting for Rex.
i ask innocently at Rumble.
My fat jiggles as my stomach becomes covered in what covered the floor, my curly tail squirms as my donut sized hole oozes otter sperm.
i start kissing Rumble's nipples while rubbing them around.
I crawl over to the otter and look upwards, licking my snout free of sweetness* Up for another round? *I look suggestively at the otters member, wondering just how many buckets an otter can hold.
I blush and clench my rotund rump, as I begin to lick the otters nine inch member free of his delicious splooge.* I'd lpve some good food I say, rubbing my huge pink belly, looking at oscar, yearning to be fed.
I grin in delight as I begin to wrap my thick pig tongue around the otter's member. Tasting it, experiencing it, letting the whole of it slip down my throat as it throbs. I sense that there may be a little left in the otter.
i quickly go underneath the pigs rump, seeing some of Rumble's cum leaking out. I lap at it and suck the cum out of the pigs large ass while his cheeks start to envelope me, pulling my deeper into the pigs ass till I'm trapped between his cheeks.
My testicles begin to churn and fill again, they slosh to and fro, waiting for another climax as Rex enjoys my posterior.
i blush at the sight, unsure of what to do while Rex stares at me.
i wriggle under the pig, feeling the sweat from his cheeks stick to my fur and skin, breathing in the smell of cum and musk underneath him. The pigs rump covers my face and upper body.
i walk to him until he starts stroking my erection off.
the pigs balls cover the top of my head and eyes while I lap at his thick hole, still sucking the cum out of his hole, moaning loudly while I'm assaulted by all the smells underneath his ass.
My head bobs back and forth, still snorting and squealing in pure piggish delight at both of my ends being pleasured. I await the surprise that Rumble has waiting, as I prepare my own within my ginormous swine testicles.
my tail wags as well indicating that my rump is free while I'm trapped under the pigs rump.
i slowly get behind Rumble and enter his rump. i moan loudly, thrusting while holding him tight.
i tweak his nipples from behind, increasing the sensation as he curses.
i stick my tongue all the way into the pigs hole while I breath in the beautiful scent of musk and cum. Then I move forward under the pigs balls, they cover my body and hold me down while I grab the pigs cock and put it in my mouth, swallowing it ass down to the base.
I oink and remove my mouth from his taint* Sure thing *I tilt my head slightly as drool continues to drip from my thick lips.
i swallow the thick pig cock while it fills and stretches my throat, bobbing my head fast while I try to stimulate it as much as I can to get the biggest load possible.
i take out his cock out my mouth.
I squeal louder than before, as I release another time, a large gallon of thick, porcine, seed. Filling Rex's maw. I then collapse from exhaustion and pleasure, well spent from all of the excitement.
i thrust faster inside Rumble as my tail swishes around* o-oh my... *i gasp at the heat enveloping my erection as i continue thrusting.
the seed fills my maw and goes down my throat, filling my stomach full before I can't take any more and I shoot off his cock from the pressure back into the ground where the pig pumps the rest of his cum over me, covering my completely so I just look like a pile of pig cum on the floor.
Wanders into the room, yawning softly as she stretches her arms above her head, tail swishing from side to side as she walks, padding to a chair and flopping down into it, before casting her bright amethyst gaze about the room.
i would greet her but I'm stuck in a pile of pig cum.
i thrust harder and hold him close, moaning cutely.
i wriggle out of the pile and go over to Rumble, covered head to toe in cum and wrap my sticky white lips around his cock, sucking and swallowing it.
my body begins to heat up, i begin to sweat while i thrust deeper and deeper into Rumble's hole presented to me. I hit a sweet spot and moaned louder while picking up the pace.
i hug Rumbles legs and force myself as deep as I can on Rumble's cock while he thrusts deep into my throat, gagging with every thrust into my throat.
i pound deeper into Rumble as i leak precum.
i reach back under Rumbles legs and start to stimulate Oscars balls and hole.
i continue pounding while holding back from releasing too early.
offers Xyphurus a wave from her chair.
leans back in her chair with a soft yawn, running her fingers through her long waves.
the petite silver fox chuckles* I'm Siranya *she offers.
gets up, still covered in cum and goes over to Kaze.
grabs a nearby towel.
i blush under it.
i go to the bathroom to dry off and come back in my casual clothes with a blushing red face.
a thud comes from the kitchen, slowly walking out of the door before he leans on the bar, almost dozing off again already.
he meeps in surprise, his tail wagging as he hears the voice and he smiles.
perks up from her chair and waves at the active fuzzies.
giggles and flicks her bushy black tail.
chuckles as he waves at Trevor.
chuckles and shakes his head as he points to his shirt, looking freshly pressed and drycleaned* At some point I get embarrassed about my appearance and it'll fix itself. *he laughs gently and grins.
he gives a smile and a gentle wave to the clearly tired canine.
he gives a soft wave to Cermina, then shoots a smile to the wolf.
he nods, chuckling to himself* Hello then Silver, nice to meet you. *he turns to Cermina, tail waving.
you can hear a deep purr rumble through him, his tail curling around his leg as he picks up and takes a sip of the drink.
he laughed and winked at Silver, taking pride in the quick trouble he caused.
he smiled over at Mina, sipping more of his drink* Good morning Mina. Anything we can bother you with? *he gives Xyphs shoulder a soft appreciative rub.
chuckles as his tail waves.
 I smile and shyly wave.
he smiles and motions around the counter* Hindai has shown me around the cellar and the bar, but I've never seen anything else. *his ears perk at the mention of a tour and he grins.
 the Bara wolf tiger walks over and smile with a big grin.
he gives you an appreciative murr and a hug, chuckling* I promise I will find time to talk to you eventually. Thank you for the drink, and my apologies. *he chuckles to himself.
he blushed a bit in shyness as your eyes stay on his, before hearing Mina return, setting his empty mug on the counter as he nods with a smile* If not out here then possibly in your room. *he gives a last appreciative hug before making his way to the tour guide.
he smiles and nods, looking for the other guest from earlier.
 my tail grabs a bottle and I drink some on the tour smiling as my tail holds the bottle.
Shakes fist at keyboard.
he smiles and nods at Milo, listening to Minas words of praise* Nice to meet you. I'm Avrus, a random freeloading bartender . *he chuckles softly to himself.
 I slide over and smile shaking my hips .
he grins and nods* So do I, both alcoholic and non. *he turns and nods to Silver* We met earlier and... *he looks to Cermina with a mean grin.
under his breath.
taps you on the shoulder with his tail and grins* Come on now. *he laughs as he follows Mina out of the bar..
he chuckles softly, looking over at Tyler for his reaction to Minas explanation.
my jaw drops and I hug the TV* is this heaven ;-; cause I have found it.
he glances around, then points to himself* Me? *he chuckles.
scoffs as his tail wraps around his leg, hiding his muzzle a bit* I'm innocent in the fact a staff told me to go to the cellar. *he mutters.
 I hold my fluffy tail and whisper to avrus.
he whispers back and grins.
laughs gently to himself as he steps aside.
he chuckles, his tail gently thwapping Tylers side playfully before he follows after Mina.
 I stand close to avrus .
he waits, looking to Cermina, occasionally his tail poking Tyler in the side to keep the big guy entertained.
chuckles softly and smiles.
smiles warmly as he grabs Tylers wrist, dragging him along as he follows Mina.
grins as we wait around for Mina, looking up at you curiously.
his ears perk as he walks the rest of the way upstairs to Mina.
he gives a nod to Mina, smiling.
follows downstairs as he offers his paw out in a handshake.
laughs softly and gives an awkward grin.
smiles and nods.
he smiles wider, taking a seat at the bar with her and looking at Xyph.
grins and grabs your wrist* Do ya mind in private? Not so good at talking about myself otherwise. *he looks back at Minas smirk and chuckles.
gives Mina an apology* Too used to everyone else. *he walks with Xyph up the stairs, heading for his room.
gives a wide smile, walking inside as he looks around, then to the floor.
he walks back downstairs, tail waving as he looks over the bar and sees all the guests.
he smiled, nodding* Looks like you're doing fine so I guess I will relax today. *his clothes shimmer, switching into a cyan t shirt with khaki pants.
his ears perk as he glances over at Flare, slowly getting up and walking over* Uh hey. *he smiles nervously.
he smiles wide and nods* I'm glad them. I just wanted to be sure. *he scratches his head gently* Thank you. I feel better now. *he gives you a soft pat on your back before standing up and excusing himself, something held loosely in his paw as he walks back to his seat.
 I'm laying on the ground outside looking around.
he waves, seeing Tyler lay on the floor.
 I sit up and sit at the bar.
waves Mina down as he walks over to he bar.
seeing Mina had to run off to business, he smoothly slides over the bar, his clothing shifting back into a pressed white dress shirt and black formal pants, walking over to Hindai and his friend.
he smiles softly as he leans over the counter.
he grins with a nod, giving a wink at Hindai as he grabs a bottle of Johnny Walker, Jack Daniels, and Jim Bean with two glasses and a single shot glass. He pours three shots from the bottles into each glass before sliding them down.
He smiles at Mina, nodding as he puts his bottles away and walks back to his seat, tail waving.
he slides the order over the counter to Mina, pointing at the bear on the couch before taking his drink and sitting with the bear.
he blushes and chuckles softly.
laughs softly as he rubs your arm gently, sipping his drink down.
he laughs gently grinning up the seemingly crazed or drunken bear.
he eeps as hes grabbed by the larger bear, taking care to not let his half full glass spill as hes spun around the room.
he gives a soft groan as he's hugged against the bears chest, tail thwapping his side gently as he tries to set his glass down before breaking it.
he gives a small panicked whine, shooting you a leer when his sees your smirk as he takes his glass with a hmph, his paws glowing just slightly before it fades.
chuckles softly as he sits back on the couch with a plop, tail waving as he looks across the bar.
he looks around for the previous bartender, not seeing them he slides behind the counter.
he looks over at Fenrir and shrugs.
he smiles politely as he gestures you back behind the counter.
he chuckles as he brings you into the kitchen, the door closing behind him.
he catches the shirt as he watches, tail waving curiously at what he is working to make as he leans back on the door.
he chuckles softly, watching you slide the cake batter into the oven as he stays sitting back against the door.
walks in, yawning and stretching, having just woken up.
shrugs slightly as his tail waves around the kitchen, before giving you a hard stare* I assume you'll clean this up?... *he inquires.
i go and sit at the bar (assuming that's where we are), ordering a drink and just tries to keep awake, yawning once more.
smiles as he nods* Be sure before you leave. I need to go tend to the bar. *he walks out of the kitchen, making sure to keep the door open as he looks at Rex.
wiping the sleeping dust from his eyes, he looks at the tolf* oh, hi, sorry I just woke up. I'll just have something simple if that's fine. Thank you *puts some money on the bar for the drink.
he laughs as he eyes the money and waves his tail, then walks back into the kitchen, grabbing a pitcher of lemonade and filling a highball glass with some ice, walking back to rex as he fills the glass with 3/4s lemonade and then 1/4 blue curacao, sliding the glass to you.
he looks at the glass* is it too early for alcohol? *shrugging he picks up the drink and starts to sip it.
he chuckles softly* You are in a bar and asked for a light drink. I suggest specifying next time. *he grins.
the pup grins back at the tolf, winking.
he raises an eyebrow and chuckles gently as he shakes his head.
winking again.
he laughs and gives you a soft grin.
i scull down what's left of my drink, pick up my bag and step away from the bar.
Walks in and takes a seat on his rump, slightly sore from last night.
sits back at the bar.
realises shoe is untied and bends over in front of Axton to tie it, unknowingly presenting my rump to him.
murrs and waves my tail seductively at Axton.
slides his big doggy paws into the pants to cup the booty bare.
murrs and tenses my rump in the Collies paw.
cheekily wiggles my rump at Axton.
gives your balls a gentle squeeze before retracting his paws from your pants.
eeps and giggles* why're you taking it out of there? I liked having a paw on my rump *winks.
comes back into the bar.
winks and giggles at Axton.
squeezes his rump.
licks my lipd.
wiggles my rump at Axton.
extends a paw to the new person.
Hugs back softly.
the pup sits at the bar again once more, looking around at the room and the furs.
walks around not knowing what to do, sits down and makes himself look busy.
I reach into my bag and bring out a book and starts to draw.
i look at the drink and smile eagerly.
Pulls a ball out of his pocket and tosses it from hand to hand.
i go to drink the screwdriver but when I see the ball from the corner of my eye I'm fixated on it, watching it being thrown from paw to paw.
Continues passing the ball, notices Rex watching it, * catch* he tosses the ball lightly at him.
barks as hes a dog and thats waht he do.
i see the ball and eagerly catch it, staring at it in a trance. Shaking my head I see the ball in my paws and lightly throws it back to Drake.
Tosses it back at you.
seeing the ball coming towards me, my eyes widen and I leap from the chair and catch it in my mouth then quickly drop it and realise what I'm doing.
I pick up the ball.
i stare at the ball and my tail wags fast, sitting on the ground waiting for the ball.
I toss the ball straight up into the air, watching you as I do.
giggles and leaves plates and forks on the side..
i jump up and try to catch it but it's too high to reach at that moment, so I just fall back down.
I pet you on the head,* Try again, *I toss it up again.
I sit and wag my tail happily, jumping and catch the ball in my mouth.
Getting excited at playing my tail starts wagging.
i put the ball by your feet and see your tail, watching it wag and following it with my eyes.
Not noticing I pick up the ball and toss it across the room.
scampering across the room, I pick it up, making sure I don't bump into anything.
Tail wagging still as I watch you get the ball.
i bound back over to Drake but slip and bang into the wall, slightly dazed.
i shake off the daze and spring back up, wagging my tail.
i happily bark and wag my tail, picking the ball back up.
Takes the ice and presses it against Rex's head where he hit the wall.
I wince and shiver as the ice touches my sensitive and slightly bruised skin.
sulks a little* you know I'm a tough pup, this is barely a hit for me. I can take a lot worse *smiles at Drake.
I wag my tail excitedly.
Sits at the bar, puts the ball back in his pocket.
I return to my seat, forgetting about my drink before, I quickly gulp it down.
giggling and looks wide eyed at Hindai.
I hug the wild dog back, embracing him and nuzzling my head into his neck fur.
i cheekily kiss his nose before letting go as well.
i grin and wink at Hindai.
i grin and giggle.
winks at the dog, insinuating more.
winks at Banana.
i wiggle my rump at Banana.
smirking and wagging his tail excitedly.
i grin at Banana, my sheath growing and twitching as he grips it.
Rex whimpers in anticipation as the raptor grips his sheath, making it twitch excitedly. His tail quivers while he tried to maintain himself.
sits on his stool and draws.
Rex is still at the bar drawing, not noticing Kaze walking in.
Vesper searches for a stool to sit upon and start reading.
Yawning and stretching.
he waves from a seat at the bar.
Notices and Waves back looking exhausted.
he yawns and wipes his eyes.
he gives you a soft smile and nods.
he chuckles and gestures to the many seats.
Sits down next to Marcus.
he smiles up at you.
he grins and pokes your side.
Giggles as poking my side tickled.
his eyes go wide and he wiggles his brow a bit.
smiles giggling.
leans in to you, his tail poking your other side now.
Laughing at being tickled.
he snickers softly to himself.
Pretending to look surprised* And are you one of them*Pokes your side.
laughs and gives a wide almost threatening grin before his tail waves* Depends on the day *he smirks at you, returning your earlier answer.
he grabs a slip of paper, writing a phone number down and sliding it to you with a wink.
Casually takes the number and slides it into his pocket.
he gets up with a loud yawn and a stretch, tail patting you lightly on your head* Feel free anytime. So any hobbies at all? Or just picking up guys?*he teases you lightly.
grins as his tail waves.
tilts his head some as he sits back down.
he pokes your shoulder this time and grins.
takes a slip of paper and scribbles his phone number on it* Why not *smiles.
he smiles back, chuckling to himself as he turns to Terran* Good morning to you too. *he laughs.
he blushes slightly as his tail waves thoughtfully* Well that's up to circumstance isn't it? *he quips, grinning.
he shoots you a look, his blush much more visible this time as his tail curls* Ha, you must be rather experienced in getting numbers then. *he stands up, stretching once more and looking to the scaley.
Smiling* As for leading to more, perhaps*grinning.
guffaws a bit at you both before hiding his muzzle, walking around behind the bar as everyone starts waking.
he laughs and looks between Terran and Drake.
he smiles, giving Mina a wave* Welcome back. *he walks from behind the bar to sit back with Drake, passing Mina.
he smiles, tail slowly twirling in content* Thank you. And it seems like quite a few people want something this morning *he laughs gently before turning his attention to Terran.
he laughs again, grinning with a wink.
Smiling just quietly watching everyone socialize.
Gets up and fixed a cup of coffee then sitting back down.
chuckles as he lays his muzzle on your shoulder, watching the proceedings with a smile.
Pets your head lightly.
eyes the couch before getting a wicked idea, grinning as he walks behind the bar and grabs some ice, before shoving it against the bears rump.
Giggles as he watches this go down.
oofs as hes pulled under, grumbling something about how he somehow always manages to end up under bears, then laughing at his own double entandre.
he chuckles as his tail waves, dodging the bears pseudo attacks.
Tail wags as he watches the cuddles.
his paws flare a soft blue, the honey and slobber seeming to dissolve from your tongue and his muzzle as he scrunches up his face.
grins as he slips out from under you, patting you* Any other time you can mess me up. *laughs.
he smiles wide, then points to the fresh pot of coffee still on the counter* Mina made some earlier *he says, walking back over to sit with Drake.
he chuckles gently and grins.
he smiles* If ya ever want a cuddle buddy I'm sure I can tolerate a bed for a bit. I've been told I'm warm and fluffy. *he rolls his eyes.
Wags tail, finishes my coffee,.
he chuckles, offering to take your mug for you.
hands it to you.
he takes the mug, walking around the counter and into the kitchen to place it in the sink, before coming back out.
he cocks his head* Oh? Care to share with the class? *he starts to wipe down the bar, ears perked.
smiles politely back.
he nods, finishing wiping down the bar, setting his rag away as he takes a seat.
comes into the bar, slightly drunk.
he chimes in with a soft rumble of a chuckle.
i sexily and seductively go into the stage and grab the pole. As the music starts I walk around the pole and picks up a bit of speed before twirling around the pole.
i wink at Drake.
he laughs softly, setting his muzzle back on Drakes shoulder* You could watch that show and Ill watch you. *he snickers.
i start to grind my rump on the pole, rubbing my body up and down it as I take my trousers off to reveal a tight pair of pants that cling to me, rubbing my crotch and rump on the pole while dancing around it. Then I start to perform some nice aerial acrobatics tricks on the pole.
he winks at you* A reaction of course *he rumbles a purr into your ear he rubs your back.
i flip upside down on the pole and have my legs grip it, leaning back and exposing my crotch and tightening my rump before climbing down and rubbing my rump slowly and seductively against the pole, murring and moaning softly under the music while my crotch grows and twitches in my thin pants.
i look at Mina.
his ears perk, curious. For all his knowledge this was new.
blushes and tries to hide my growing crotch.
his tails swirls as he thoughtfully looks over Rex.
gets off the stage, still wearing just my pants.
sits by the people, my crotch still twitching from the excitement.
chuckles softly and nods* I didn't just magically learn to mix drinks one day... It took effort to learn and memorize their steps and ingredients. *he smiles.
winks at people, wagging my tail seductively.
smiles as he stands up, walking over to Flare with his tail wagging.
i slowly walk out the bar.
he walks into the kitchen, keeping the door open as he asks.
he chuckles and nods, letting the door shut* I felt bad and accidentally made this... I was going to give it to you yesterday but I got nervous. *he holds out his paw, turned down so you cant yet see what it is.
 Flops on a free bean bag and yawns..
he chuckles as he turns it up, showing you a spool of thread. The thread seems to shimmer, the shades changing between the deepest purples to the brightest turquoise, and he smiles nervously.
 Rolls over, yawning again looking over all the people in the room..
 Smiles and waves back..
 Gets up and wanders to the bar and finding a seat. I smile..
 I sit and wait with a smile on my face..
he smiles and waves.
chuckles and nods as he walks out of the kitchen, leaving Flare with her gift as he leans on the bar, looking around.
 I smile picking up the glass and taking a small pull of the sweet Iced Tea..
 I sit at the bar and drink my Iced Tea happely..
 I contenue to smile..
 Smiles and sips my tea..
Sits at the bar, tossing a ball back and forth between his paws.
chuckles and looks over at Drake, his tail gently tapping the ball to throw it a bit off course.
Smiles but pretends not to notice as I miss the ball and it goes rolling onto the floor.
he waves at Mina* I should be fine unless he distracts me. *points at Drake with a grin as he walks around from the bar, grabbing the ball and tossing it over to him.
Jumps off the chair and catches the ball in my mouth wagging my tail then drops it on the floor realizing what I just did.
snickers softly.
he grins, padding quietly over to Xyph as he washes his mug, before grabbing him in a warm hug, lifting him sligtly* Good morning part two. *he looks over to Drake, still holding the hug.
Wags tail at being called a good wolf.
he rubs your back gently before setting you down, tail waving* You look like you needed that. Coffee didn't do much for you? *he asks, walking over to the counter where Drake is and leaning against it.
Smiles at you.
he smiles back, giving a wink* So domesticated... does that mean just obediant? *laughs softly as he turns to Xyph.
he grins, tail waving a bit.
he winks and nods happily* Glad I managed to get it to. *he laughs gently and leans over to scritch your belly softly.
Wags tail happily.
he smiles and looks at Drake* Drake my current room mate, Xyph. And Xyph, I'm sure you've heard his name enough by now. *he chuckles and continues rubbing the wolf's belly.
Panting slightly in the enjoyment.
he leans back, pulling his paw away with a soft purr.
he rubs your shoulder gently.
Smiling at the attention.
Wagging my tail happily.
grins at Xyph and winks.
grins wider as he looks at Drake, before hopping over the counter and grabbing him, laying him on the bar.
Blushes faintly.
grins as he starts rubbing the wolfs belly and chest.
Murrs lightly enjoying the attention.
grins as he rubs the wolfs sides now.
Blushing slightly, starts petting the other two with his soft paws.
Murrs louder when his hears get attention.
he purrs, rubbing his legs as his paws alternate rubbing his sides.
My tail wagging happily loving the attention.
he laughs, looking over at Xyph with a grin* He really is a domestic wolf. A bit adorable huh? *he reaches down to rub at the fluffy wolf tail.
Murrs when his tail starts being rubbed.
he chuckles as he starts scritching under his chin, and then down his neck, still stroking the tail.
he giggles, finally letting off the wolf as his own tail waves, sitting down on a bar stool.
Tail wagging eagerly.
Blushing slightly, panting my tongue hanging out of my mouth in a big smile.
he chuckles softly, tail waving slower as he calms down.
bust in through the door smiling but I end up falling flat onto my face.
he snickers and winks* I bet you do. *turning to Sioux he smiles warmly.
still on the ground.
he laughs and waves at the bear on the ground.
he motions you over, patting the floor with his foot.
gets on all fours and begins following you.
laughs gently as he walks to the center of the room before motioning you to roll over.
licks your face and falls to the floor rolling over exposing my belly.
he smiles as he sits down next to you, putting a paw on your big belly and scritching.
he chuckles as he uses his other paw as well, rubbing quickly.
he laughs at your kicking legs* Sure you aren't part wolf mixed with all those bears? *he rubs your sides as well.
he meeps softly as he's pulled onto you, groaning as you hug him.
he smiles up at you* I'm doing okay. Met a new friend. *he points at Drake.
grins and winks.
he wiggles in your grasp, chuckling gently.
grins and licks your neck gently, curling into the warm fluffy bear.
meeps again, wiggling a bit as you lick his face, chuckling softly.
laughs as rolls off you, calling back* I'd take you up on that offer. *he winks before walking back to the bar, taking a seat.
he sits back next to you, elbowing you gently.
sitting at the bar he taps his tail on the chair before realizing that the pool hasn't been installed yet. He gets up, starting to walk around the various rooms, looking for the bear.
Head moves from looking at the door to the dagger as I witnessed what just happened.
Axton walked into a seemingly empty at first park wearing his tank top that hugged his pecs, abs, and neck floof, sunglasses, shorts that hugged his bulge and boxers beneath. The border collie dropped his picnic basket on the table and pulled out a sandwhich which he began to pleasently nom.
Axton noticed her and turned to face her still eating said sandwhich.
he spoke playfully in his deep but still very american accent chuckling.
looks at it briefly* BLT, only the classiest for the classiest collie *he said raising his pinky high.
he said quoting Patrick Star* so what you up to anyhow *he asked still eating the sammich.
he chuckled in nostalgia.
I chuckled, tail wagging from behind the bench.
I chuckled and finally finished the sandwhich.
Axton blushed a little bit at the obvious checking him out but nodded and extended his big derpy dog paw.
He chuckled once again and looked around.
The dog chuckled a bit.
I chuckled in quiet nostalgia then returned to meet her gaze.
the collie blushed crimson at her forwardness, unsure of how to reply, but the sheath in his boxers did wiggle at the mere thought.
he blushes and is escoreted with her.
Walks in carrying a cup of coffee and looking at his phone.
wonders into the bar, a bit tired.
he steps downstairs, yawning loudly as he walks to the bar and slumps on it* Good morning everyone... *he says groggily.
Axton jogged through the forest at night wearing a spandex shirt that showed off his firm pecs and abs and spandex shorts that bragged his bulge between his strong legs of the boxers beneath holding his fat sheath and balls within. The dog-man jogged for a bit more and stopped to rest at a secluded bench on the jogging path.
Smirks and wags tail.
he looks up groggily from the counter* Rumble... Can I bother you... For water? *his muzzle plants itself back onto the bar, seemingly back asleep.
he sits up with a thanks, sipping the drink* I think itd be fine if he was a vampire... Fenrir could kill him I think. Or you could let him bite me and we could see what happens. *he giggles at the last thought, tail swishing.
he waves you off softly* I know I know, Ive met plenty. *he giggles softly* Bet itd be interesting see you fight one though... *his tone turns teasing.
he gives a playful pout of a frown* Ill fluster you one day. Maybe if I fight you. *he laughs and shakes his head.
his eyes go wide as he quickly shakes his head.
he laughs softly and shakes his head at the joke* I'm sure if I made myself look like a certain woman he would take an interest~~ *his tail twirls behind him.
he snickers softly and winks.
his ears perk as his tail waves.
he waves from the bar.
his eyes go wide and he looks over at Flare with his own grin* I'm glad you like that thread. Its good to know he got to see you work though *he winks at Flare, his tail playfully swinging behind him.
he blushes, blinking a bit in confusion.
he grins a bit, trying to hide his embarrassment as he leans on the counter.
snickers as he points to the blended smoothie.
he eyes you* They didn't have energy drinks a hundred years ago. Plus, other Kitsune I've met in different worlds don't have them at all. *he points at you accusingly with his tail and grins.
shakes his head.
grins and chuckles.
laughs and shakes his head.
he smiles, his tail starting to wave back and fourth as he grows curious, his paws beginning to glow softly.
he taps his muzzle thoughtfully, taking a few minutes to think before he looks at Silver.
his ears perk, glancing at Flare*  Do ya want more thread or not? *he whines with a chuckle before slipping himself behind the bar and grabbing the scotch.
he laughs and nods, grabbing the other ingredients and mixing them once more, before sliding the drink over to you.
he looks over at Flare* To be fair, you wereeeee going to dance yesterday. Even if I'm gay, I am still a fan of an aesthetically pleasing display. *he turns on his stool, looking at you as his tail wraps around his leg.
he grins wide, giggling as he calls up.
he grins, walking over to Fen and turning him around, pointing at Flare and whispering.
he elbows you a bit and shakes his head.
he waves at Trevor.
he grins at Trevor.
he purrs softly, laying back against the bar himself as he enjoys the show, tail waving as his ears flick to and fro with the heavy beat.
he grins, his tail twirling behind him as he gives her a loud whistles, enjoying her dance immensely, the dominance in the moves of her own body as each one laid out a kind of jurisdiction over the stage and it's audience.
Axton jogged through the forest at night wearing a spandex shirt that showed off his firm pecs and abs and spandex shorts that bragged his bulge between his strong legs of the boxers beneath holding his fat sheath and balls within. The dog-man jogged for a bit more and stopped to rest at a secluded bench on the jogging path.
Klaus looked up from his phone at the collie who had stopped along the path. Sporting a pair red short shorts and a matching tank top that hugged his body he stepped out of the shadow of the path towards the bench, waving semi-shyly to the other night runner.
he hops onto the coaster, just before it departs as his tail swings, the operator yelling at him.
he laughs maniacally, causing chaos with a small on his muzzle as the coaster patrons panic.
he cackles madly before landing on Jason in the pool, the water enough to take the impact from the fall before he swims back up.
he drags Jason out of the pool, the rollar coasted behind them covered in blood as it drips into the pool, dragging him from the water.
he starts preforming CPR, getting the water out of his system before sitting back, watching the chaos.
he coughs awkwardly.
shrugs and grins lightly.
he stalks you into the changing rooms, tail waving as he peeks his head around the corner.
the tall sapphire Liger walks into the bar with his shirt and collar slightly undone, looking a little out of sorts, he sits at the end of the bar for a drink.
looks up at the barkeep with a cut under his left eye.
looks past the bartender at the others in the bar.
picks up the glass and looks at it.
the Liger shoots it back with out a second thought, the red liquid going down oddly smooth.
Axton walked onto a beach, the warm sand between his toes as he looked at the endless sea. The Border Collie wore only sunglasses and velcro-up swim trunks over his otherwise nude body and firm sheath and balls beneath them. He lay out a towel and then lay himself on it on his back.
he slides the glass back toward the bartender.
takes the new liquid and shoots it just as quick, almost not even tasting it.
takes a silver ring off and places it under his paw.
look up at the barkeep confused.
looks down at his glass.
stares down at my paws on the counter.
slides the glass back toward the barkeep.
only sips on the shot this time.
looks up with fear in his eyes and the ligers ears lay back against his head fur.
points to the nasty cut under my eye.
watches at the barkeep walks away.
sips down the rest of his shot.
looks over the barkeep.
looks at you with my ears pulled back.
looks up with a tear in my eye.
smiles and straightens up and extends a paw.
waves from the bar.
he yawns loudly as he walks down the stairs, coming from Xyphs room as his tail drooped before plopping into a couch* Come back alive... *he says, though it almost sounds sarcastic as tired as he is.
he gives a soft eep as the cold water hits him, waking him up a bit and looking at the gryphon.
raises an eyebrow, grinning as his tail starts to wave behind him.
he laughs gently as he lays back against the cushions again, yawning.
winks at Asa and grins.
winks back, purring slightly* *laughs.
laughs gently.
grins at Rumble and winks.
laughs and shakes his head with a wave of his tail.
nudges Rumble playfully.
he smiles and waves at Trevor.
he smiles as his tail waves.
waves at Kaze and grins at the mess of hair.
he laughs at Kaze, almost a bit incredulous.
he chuckles and shakes his head at Kaze* Ill let it go... Its a bit far from a center. *he walks over to the bar, pouring two mugs of coffee before handing one to Kaze and the other to the grpyhon* What is your name by the way? *he looks up to the Grpyhon standing  a bit over him.
he grins and nods, walking over to pour another mug as he looks around the bar, before sliding it down the counter to the newcomer.
he giggles* A tiger wolf hybrid. Opposite of a wolger. *his tail waves slowly.
he laughs and nods.
he chuckles gently.
his tail grabs a bottle of vermouth as his paws grab a martini glass and a bottle of gin, mixing the two before he tops it off with a twist of lemon and an olive, sliding the drink to Ruby, all without looking away from the owldragon.
he grins as his tail waves behind him.
he laughs and grins wider at his own joke.
he winks his tail giving a soft slide under your maw before he turns around.
he smiles, purring loudly as he walks across his bar counter.
trots into the room, wagging his tail.
wants to have some fun.
approaches the couch in the room and hops up on it, then lays down.
I come in and would find Jason and another new friend here in this room. Munching down on my breakfast burrito, my tail wags slowly and I chuckled softly with some burrito in my mouth, I wave.
I take a big bite out of it and chew for a good while. Then next moment swallow and show Jason all the gooey cheese and egg and big pieces of sausage coming out.
I put a thumbs up right in front of his face. I would soon walk off and take a look around munching on my burrito more humming softly.
flops onto Asa, yawning loudly* Cat naps are good. *chuckles softly.
wiggles against the other cat, purring softly.
purrs, blushes harder.
calls out to Trevor as he walks away.
walks over to Jason, getting up from his comfy spot on the couch as he puts a paw on his shoulder.
walks behind the bar, grabbing a glass of water and filling it with ice, whistling softly to himself as he fills it with water before dumping it on Jasons head.
I come back into the scene. Now having my black leather jacket on and look at everyone gathered having convos left and right and having drinks. I chuckle and go over to the counter to tap on it and raise a paw up* "Give me a shot of tequila por favor?" *I chuckle softly.
he grins and shrugs* Not my fault he can't keep track of his own dragon. *he flashes a smile and wink Flares way, his tail waving before it grabs a bottle of Luxardo and his paws grab a cocktail shaker and some limes, squeezing the lime juice into the shaker and then filling it about halfway with the alcohol, then adding a bit absinthe to the mix, finally topping it off with ice as he shakes the mixture, his tail grabbing a rocks glass as he fills it with ice before finally pouring the mixture in before sliding the drink to Jason.
he waves at the jacketed wolf as he grabs a shot glass and pours tequila into it, shaking his head slightly* A waste when you could have a good drink my friend, but to each their own. *he hands the shot to the wolf* I'm Avrus, feel free to ask me for just about anything. *he winks before turning to Rumble and smiling.
I am given the glass and look at Avrus with a raised eyebrow and chuckle at his comment about having a better drink. I raise the tiny glass and down it, I lean on the counter and look him in the eyes.
he throws a grin at Kj* My my, you should never ask for the most popular ones, that is always up to the bartender~ *he turns around, grabbing a mug and filling it with coffee before sliding it to the otter before putting his finger on his muzzle.
I said with a slight growl pounding the counter. Staring deeper into Ave's eyes wanting this drink right now.
he grins wide, his paws flaring up in a soft azure blue before he slides a tall glass toward you, the hue a brownish red drink as he growls back just as deep.
he winks at Rumble, leaning in to whisper in her ear.
he grins then turns away, walking over to Flare before picking her up into a big hug, squeezing her tight and being careful that she doesn't drop her knife* Sorry dear~ *he says, releasing her.
I kept look at him straight in the eye as he made the drink. I look down at it's brownish and red colour. Moving it around before taking it all down within a few seconds and I sigh happily till my eyes widened as I got a pounding hint of flames coming out of my mouth soon after, my face all cold and I jump in my seat shaking my head slowly and held rub my forehad slowly.
hops off the couch and stretches his back legs.
plays with Chis ears endlessly .
Axton walked into an open park looking around, the collie wore a tank top, sun glasses, cargo shorts and boxers that held in his fat sheath and full balls as the canine set up his food on the park table and began eating a sandwhich.
Rex is the park, running around chasing thing. He's wearing a top, shorts, a collar, and not much else.
wufton spots the other two, as he had been there for a while. Continuing to play with Rex as they chase threw the park.
Rex catches up to Wufton and jumps on him, the two roll across the grass and Wufton some how comes out on top of Rex.
Axton blushed a little seeing the naked Dolphin sit across from him but didnt seem to mind* naw go ahead man, its a lovely day out dont ya think? *seeing the other two playing briefly before returning his gaze to the nearby dolphin.
Wufton looks down, almost surprised to be on top of Rex..
Rex wriggles under Wufton, trying to get out of the pin but obviously his short body is too weak.
I looked away watching the others play whilst I ate my sandwhich enjoying the lunch and a show.
I blushed and nodded to the offer, normally being much more civil and polite, but he was hungry and the offer was made without his own hand in the matter. He took the offered chopsticks and ate slowly to the other's bounty and made a satisfied "mmmmm" after the first bite.
I lift my body off of yours, but not after grabbing you firmly.
Rex winks and sticks out his tongue at Wufton before starting to head over to the table. His tail sways with each step and his collar jiggles a little bit.
the collie said dipping some more sushi into the soy sauce and eating it, all the while his tail wagging slowly in contentment.
Rex accepts the chop sticks but had trouble using them with his chubby fluffy fingers. Trying to pick one up, he keeps dropping it so in the end he leans down and scoops one up with his tongue.
i said lowering his ears a bit then handing back the chopsticks to give the other two more to eat as he returns to his sandwhich* I'm Axton Collie, the dog with a dick like a lolly *he joked as that was the nickname he had gotten from others and felt comedy a good ice breaker.
the retriever says, scooping up another piece* and I do like licking and sucking on lollipops *giggling he takes another piece into his mouth and starts to eat it.
Doc leans down and pulls out two bento boxes* "I brought this for us" *I start to eat while looking at Rex out of the corner of my eye blushing.
Rex eagerly runs round to Zhwazi and licks up the piece of Sushi, licking a lot of his groin as well.
I chuckled and rubbed my head awkwardly at the comment bu the dolphin* Heh, kills two birds with one stone eh? *I then blushed a bit to the action of the dolphin, unsure of what was going to happen and also blushing at Rex's comment on my "lollipop" joke.
thinking it is a left over piece of sushi, the pup licks at the pink tip, trying to pick it up and going for the left over pieces across his groin.
I was crimson on my face knowing full well that the dolphin was naked from the time I met him, my own cock tip peekd from its sheath in my boxers.
seeing Rex lick wazi had me feeling indifferent, I to was beginning to stiffen* *blushing  looking around to see if anyone had noticed* I put my paw down my pants.
I gulped looking away and Wufton noticed I had a sizable bulge in my shorts, it was heavily tenting my shorts and boxers, my red rocket was half hard but not yet knotted.
Rex nods and his tongue goes all the way across his groin and slowly up the Dolphins shaft, picking up the soy sauce and the piece of sushi.
scooting closer to Axton, putting my had almost directly next to his groin and squeezing firmly* *looking at him with a look of approval?.
I blushed and nodded to Wuftons appeal gulping as my thick red rocket was fully hard in my boxers and shorts, knotted and already leaking pre.
the dog wags his tail eagerly, taking the tip into his mouth and going down the Dolphins cock.
Wufton puts his hands down Axton pants holding it firmly beginning to stroke* excited but also conscious of the new friends in out park* it's so hard and big.
I murred seeing what was going on, there was no point in hiding it any longer, Axton stripped off his shorts and boxers giving you more room to play with the fully hard red rocket in your paw.
while Wufton stroked my cock I leaned over and moved Zhwazi's head to face mine and kissed him softly as our members were played with.
the retriever takes all the Dolphins cock down his throat, holding it down, trying not to gag.
as if I'm copying rexs actions I grab a peice of sushi placing it on your tip licking it off and going down hard on his rocket.
Axton moaned into the kiss, gripping the table firmly as I watched Wufton's muzzle descend onto my cock with his warm muzzle, some pre immediately tasted.
the canine gets up off his cock and turns around, leaning down and lifting his tail, exposing his hole and wiggling his rump.
Walks into the park casually and freezes in place at seeing what was going on,.
wufton is going faster now trying to suck it out of him, while feeling Axtons warm body.
I panted looking down now laying down on the bench of the table, legs on either side of it stroking his head and watching the Dr. nurse on his thick cock panting and leaking pre into it with a grin.
can feel the cock trobbing now as he reaches closer to climax. His moans get louder and louder just before he finished I stop waiting to see what Axton will do next *hoping he will turn me over.
the retriever eagerly moans as the dolphin pokes his tongue into the dogs tailhole. He pressed his tailhole back against the Dolphins tip, wanting the dolphin inside him badly.
I panted smiling down at the Dr. whimpering in pleasure asking him lewdly.
quickly I take my clothes off and bend over the table looking right at Rex who is already being pleasured* I wag my tail in preparation for what's to cum.
being a prepared dog that he is, Axton reached into his basket and pulled out some lube, he spread it over his own thick slick cock and some against your pucker grinning as he hotdogged at first between your cheeks before sliding in the thick 9 inch base with 2 inch knot into your tailhole up to the knot. Not wanting to go fast because of how thick it was, then slowly pumping.
Rex whimpers and moans, feeling his tailhole stretch wide around the dolphins cock. Feeling the dolphin fill his small ass he tries to move but cannot do a single thing against the larger, stronger dolphin.
feeling the long cock I moan loudly grabbing onto the table and Rex. It hurts but also feels good at the same time.
I began pumping into your tailhole moaning and dominately gripping your hips and leaning over to bite your neck softly murring deeply as I thrust.
leaning back to let ax bite my neck it feels so good.
kept pumping into the wolf, my balls slapping his ass cheeks as I went as deep as I could panting softly as my pre leaked into your tailhole getting very close to cumming.
Rex moans louder, feeling his hole get stretched and fucked. He presses back against the dolphin, trying to get as much of his cock into him as possible. The retriever feels how close the dolphin is to climax and clenches his rump around the cock, clench and loosening rhythmically.
as the dolphin shoots his load into the small pups body, he starts to fill him quickly. The pressure builds and the pups stomach start to grow a little at the amount of cum that's going into him.
i see Wufton's gaping hole and wriggle, trying to go closer to lick and clean it.
Running along the path Klaus stopped near a picnic table to rest briefly. Setting down his bag he retrieved a water bottle from it and briefly took a sip, scanning his eyes along the park. His face reddens and eyes widen having spotted the "festivities" that appear to be happening in the park today.
I burst my warm seed into his muzzle filling it with warm salvos of my hot cum panting as my collie cream fills your maw even some dripping from the ridge of your maw* ah-ah fuck  *I then slid out and sat down on the bench, cock still hard.
the retriever tries to stay on the dolphins cock and goes close to Wufton's gapping hole, sniffing and licking it.
 yummm that was fun .
I panted watching you still lick my cock and the cum from it.
The Wolfcoon pulled at his tight red short shorts and sat up on the picnic table, crossing his legs and drinking from his bottled water he eyed at the pairs while they seemed to be finishing up.
Klaus jumped a little startled by the sudden greeting, turning his head towards the visitor pretending to not have noticed the nearby fun.
I panted feeling my cock eventually slide into its sheath once again, I stood up, shivering a bit at first then walked over and sat next to the two new people as well sitting next to Klaus still lower half nude and my sheath and balls resting on the bench.
I still panted briefly extending my clean paw.
Klaus squirmed a little having an arm wrapping around his hip. His fur was drenched in sweat and his black tank top seems to have soaked in most of it. He blushed a little at the sudden attention as his eyes wandered over the half nude Collie* oh heh no problem. I was just on my run. *Klaus pulled at the collar of his tank top watching the two exchange, shyly stuck between them.
I chuckled tapping my chin* though I could probably easily go again *I smiled catching my breath finally after the humpings.
I chuckled in response to the dolphin.
full of dolphin cum, Rex slowly goes from the table, wishing everyone good bye, slowly wandering off after having one more piece of sushi. He goes under the table and sneakily licks the Collie's crotch as he passes.
Klaus shyly scoots back on the picnic table, his crossed legs seeming to tighten nodding at the collie and dolphin. He brings his water to his lips again taking a sip before returning his attention to the Anxton.
my eyes widen a bit feeling Rex's goodbye lick at my exposed sheath making my red cock tip peek out once again.
I looked around still blushing from the wet air over my still wet sheath and exposed cock tip from the long lick from rex before he left.
The Wolfcoon smiles shyly, red still blushing across his face as he seems to be the only one with a pair of pants on around the park. He does to best to hide his blush and continued forward with the conversation.
I said with a paw on my cheek looking at you and talking smoothly.
I said chuckling, that red cock tip still in view as I spoke.
Klaus nodded in agreement and smiled at the compliment from Zhwazi* heheh I love to swim. I used to date an Otter so I did a lot of the back in the day *He runs his paw through his long hair and smiles.
I chuckled seeing the animal hopped up on the bench next to me and my exposure.
I said laying on my back on the bench petting his head a bit as my red cock tip grew out to be half hard against my abs.
The Wolfcoon giggles a little and finishes off his water, staring over at the lake and occasionally letting his eyes draw over to the two canines. Briefly he stands up from the bench and stretches his legs a bit shooting the dolphin a smile.
I blushed deeply kissing the other canine with wide eyes but just assuming thats his way of saying hi.
I chuckled sitting upright again, my sheath adn balls resting on the bench as I pet your head, my cock half hard hung between my legs.
Klaus shrugged and smirked* I come here on the weekends usually. Normally I'd stick to somewhere more local to run but I like to change it up and find new interesting places to run. Keeps things fresh and interesting and I get to meet new people. Heh especially some of the runners here *Klaus bit his lip seeming to be lost in thought for a moment before recoming to his senses.
woofie hops off the bench and circles around to meet axton face to face. he places his front paws on the bench next to the collies chub, and starts to lick his chest. moving closer and closer to his right nipple before sucking on it..
looking between my legs and under the table at the wild animal I chuckled and pet his head but yipped when he sucked on my nipple, it was not someting I liked and accidentally shoved you closer to my half hard cock.
woofie wimpers and removes his paws from the table.
my cock glistened in the sunlight right in front of the pup's face.
The Wolfcoon giggled and pulled at his attire, his short shorts hugging tight to his body as did his tank top.
woofie takes a few licks at the tip of axton's dick, it indeed looks magnificent in the afternoon sun. the puppy takes a hold of the tip with a paw and raizes it up, using his muzzle to lick and nibble at the base of his shaft..
my eyes widen and I firmly grip the table and pant moaning as my cock grew fully hard and knotted leaking pre into your maw.
Klaus smirked and pulled off his sweaty tank top, freeing his thin but toned body as he stuffed the shirt into his bag* it is hot as all fuck though. That's for sure. *He eyed the two canines briefly as they had their fun before diverting his attention again, not wanting to make his short shorts any tighter on him.
woofie licks up the collies shaft, devouring any precum dripping from it by suckling on the tip of the penis. he takes his head back for a second to catch his breath, and then thrusts his maw down onto axton's exposed cock, gagging and tearing up feeling his member hit the back of his throat.
I moaned loudly whipping my head back and my claws dug into the table and my hind paws dug into the dirt, pre leaked slowly down into the feral animals throat, I wanted to stop him but it felt too good.
Klaus giggled shyly and shook his head* heheh nah but I think I'll be alright in my underwear, a swim does sound relaxing though *He smiled and motioned at the Dolphin as he grabbed his bag and strolled on down to the pond.
Klaus smirks and pushes down his red short shorts, kicking them over by his bag that he laid down in the grass. He stepped into the water wearing his black and red striped boxer-briefs that fit to his form tightly, his bulge filling it out quite nicely. Inching deeper into the water he lets the water rise to his waist.
Klaus laughed watching the dolphin as he pushed deeper into the water and smiled, swaying his tail behind him.
He takes hold of Zis dorsal fin and let's him lead around the pond, briefly letting go Klaus dives beneath the water getting his fur soaking wet. Reemerging he lays on his back floating atop the pond like a feather as he tucks his paws behind his head.
Klaus giggled unaware only feeling the Dolphin at his feet. Beneath the Wolfcoons underwear he was anything but small, his humanoid like shaft laid neatly off to the side with his balls hung nicely beneath them. Klaus let out a warm sigh and closed his eyes a little soaking in the sun.
The Wolfcoon giggled and nodded sticking his tongue out at the dolphin* oh yes I'll make sure they're nice and dry haha~ *Klaus ran his paws through his wet hair again and made some lazy kicks to guide him across the water, floating back towards the area they came from.
Klaus drifted into where he could get his feet to touch again and made his way out of the water. His wet underwear hugging his plump rump as he swayed his tail behind him, picking up his shorts off his bag.
Klaus shakes his fur getting himself a little drier. He smiles and turns around using his large raccoon tail to censor himself purposefully as he disrobes his wet boxer-briefs. He giggles taking his time putting on his red short shorts again keeping his tail around his waist as he returns his attention to Zi.
He smiles and pushes his wet underwear into his bag, zipping it up tight and putting it on his back* heh I should probably get going though, nice to meet you Zi~ *Klaus pulled out a pen and took the Dolphins arm, finding the driest spot he could and writing his number down on his arm.
The Wolfcoon pulled the straps of his bag around his arms and proceeded to jog back down the path towards the park entrances, eventually leaving the park.
Axton walked into an open park looking around, the collie wore a tank top, cargo shorts and boxers that held in his fat sheath and full balls as the canine set up his food on the park table and began eating a sandwhich.
walks in through front flow while looking around.
Axton walks toward the bar to the clutter of people shortly after Ralkesh wearing a tank top, cargo pants and boxers that held in his sheath and balls.
I saw her and scratched my head still very confused.
I blushed at what I couldnt tell was an insult or compliment.
I blushed a little feeling the tip of his tail brush over my bulge* u-uh... *I assumed it was an accident and made no comment about it, but still enjoyed it.
I rubbed my head a bit.
I chuckled and offered everyone to hop in my car.
after a short drive we arrive at the forest and I grab out a couple tents handing you one to set up, they were special and easy to do. I set mine up within a few minutes and took out the sleeping bags and pillows for us and set up the fire place.
I chuckled seeing your sleeping bag sprawled out in front of the fireplace.
I sit opposite you.
I chuckled a bit.
I said with a chuckle doing so but barely falling away from the fire onto a log.
I said standing back up.
I looked around.
I blushed a bit as I watched you do so equally interested in the cold water reaction.
I gasped* wh-what the? *I was surprised when I only stated his pants, he seemed to be trying to 1up my dares. I chuckled and waited for him to surface staying near the fire.
blushing deeply glad I wasnt naked due to my red cock tip peeking from its sheath.
I laughed as a joke.
asked the owldragon, casually strolling by, returned from his voyage.
I asked as you had never given the dare. I blushed but nodded.
I gulped and nodded before the otter and stripped off my shirt revealing my pecs and abs then my shorts and boxers exposing my fat sheath and full balls that rest on the log I sat on blushing as my red cock tip peeked from its sheath in front of these new people.
I said blushing a deep crimson with everyones eyes obviously on my muscular naked body and red cock tip from my sheath.
Rex pokes his head in* truth or dare? Can I join? I do love truth or dare *his tail wags excitedly.
i blush and avert my eyes from Axton.
I joked laughing.
i eagerly run in and sit by Axton.
I murred softly and shivered panting a bit but my red cock tip didnt grow any larger or more out trying to prevent from getting hard in front of everyone.
I blushed deeply but nodded not wanting to deny a 2nd dare in a row.
I murred softly feeling the cold wet otter nose against my full warm balls shivering a bit.
I let out a soft moan trying not to be loud in front of all these people. My thick rocket grew half hard against his tongue leaking a bit of pre already into his muzzle.
I nodded blushing.
I lean my head back panting feeling like a king with all this attention, my cock grew to its fully knotted and throbbing shape leaking more pre into his maw and shivered with the Owlgons tongue over my balls.
as I see the cock sucking going on in front of me, I lick my lips and my crotch stirs.
i quickly gets in front of the owldragons cock, licking my lips and taking it into my maw. I look up at Vesper and suckle it eagerly, moaning and tasting all around his cock.
I huffed heavily whimpering in pleasure and stroking his soft furred head with the other petting Vesper's head as my balls were dripping with bits of pre and saliva and my cock submerged into the otter's maw dotting his throat with my seed panting in shear bliss and loving every second of this.
i quickly Vespers entire cock into my maw and throat, trying to hold myself against his crotch and suckle his cock.
I whimpered heavily, so much attention getting my closer and closer unable to hold it in for much longer, I panted heavily and shivered.
I gag and wriggle as it is grabbed and forced up and down the owldragons cock, trying to continue sucking it as I go.
I moaned loudly bursting my warm thick white ropes of collie cream into Rumble's muzzle whimpering in ecstasy as he felt every salvo of cum panting as some dribbles from his maw and down his chin onto Vesper's head and Vesper could physically feel from his tongue the large amount of seed errupted into Rumble's maw. I leaned my head back panting in bliss.
I gag and choke on the large cock, trying to stay on the owldragons cock to swallow every drop of his seed. My eyes are shut tight with a couple of tears rolling down my face from me trying not to gag.
I panted watching Rumble attempt to swallow the basically bucket of cum I unleashed into his muzzle stroking his head.
i sit back down next to Axton* that was really fun I'm ready to do other things *i eagerly wag my tail.
I painfully tugged my cock out of Rumble's muzzle whimpering a bit laying back against Rex.
he yawns from his place sitting against a log, waking up to quite the show as he sits back to watch the proceedings, tail waving curiously.
wanders into the cabin, having just found this place, before pausing and seeing the scenes before him, turning slightly red and moving to sit off to the to watch for now.
i hug Axton and nuzzle against his head.
I blushed being hugged by the dog and panted.
I eagerly wait for someone to dare me to do something.
walks over to Kinen, taking a seat and grinning wide at him* Shh, this should be a lot of fun to watch. *he winks.
glances over, chuckling a tad and nodding.
I panted and moved to face them, my cock still rock hard and throbbing slicked with saliva.
i sneakily put my paw around Axton's still rock hard throbbing cock, feeling the length and girth of it.
he laughs gently, giving his own affirmative nod before giving your thigh a small rub and grinning at you.
I gasped feeling the immediate attention on my cock once again.
i whisper in Axton's ear.
I blushed and nodded to Rex's comment still trying to speak to Avrus and Kinen.
gasped a bit, spreading his legs a bit and glancing back, murring* W... well hello there... *glancing over at Axton.
I grin and while Axton tries to have a conversation I quickly paw my muzzle around his cock and start to suck it, taking the whole thing down my throat.
snickers as he slowly lets his paw trail across Kinens inner thigh, occasionally switching to the other side as he looks up at Axton.
I gasped moaning loudly feeling yet another muzzle over my thick cock leaking more pre into it* A-Ah fuck  I-I'm doing well.... *I pet Rex's head.
lets out a soft moan, nodding* e...especially more so when you just joined to such an event *shivering, and chuckling at Axton's comment.
happily swallowing the pre, I sniff at Axton's crotch, sniffing his scent, my own cock getting hard from the second cock down my throat and the scent of Axton.
he puts his muzzle closer to Kinens ear, giving his cheek a small lick as he whispers* Ya look like you wanted some entertainment anyways. *his paw trails upwards until its rubbing the huskies soft orbs.
I moaned heavily shivering not talking to them anymore and letting them have their own fun time as I pet over Rex's head whimpering as he nursed the thick red rocket.
let out a soft groan, green length poking out of that furry white sheath of his.
I grin and open my muzzle more, trying to get Axton's cock as far down my throat as possible, moaning on his cock.
I whimpered shivering in bliss as due to the sensitivity of my last cum only mere seconds ago I was already close to cumming.
he gives your cheek a soft kiss, looking over at the big gryphon that had decided to wake up* Cmon over Mech, we still have a bit of room. *he smiled, gently pawing at the huskies length as he purred loudly in his ear.
quickly wrapping my tongue around Axton's cock, I gently squeeze it and try to stimulate it as much as possible to swallow as much cum as I can.
moaned out softly, leaning back and feeling his length grow more from the sheath, murring happily and leaning against you, tail swaying happily.
he murrs his agreement, leaning forward against you as his paw glides over your shaft, his free paw starting to rub and scritch down your back as he nips your shoulder and neck.
felt his length throb in your grip, leaking just a bit of pre before moaning out, gently leaning down to lick along your ear softly.
I burst my warm seed into Rex's muzzle, though not as much as waht I did in Rumble's maw, it was still quite sizable. I panted softly and waited until Rex was done with his dinner before sliding my cock free of his maw and going to sleep in the tent he prepared.
i happily swallow all of Axton's cum, lapping at it and filling my belly. Some dribbles down the side of my face into my fur but I lick it up when I get off his cock, smiling happily.
he purrs loudly, letting it rumble against you before his tail starts gently caressing your hanging balls, his paw starting to squeeze the base of the huskies shaft gently every time he strokes down as he licks your neck softly.
let a soft growl of bliss escape, shivering and exposing his neck some to you, his own paw reaching over to trail along your sides and hips, moaning in delight as his length drips more pre, slickening his own length.
i see Fade's tail hole and quickly go to it, putting my muzzle up to it and lapping at it eagerly.
grabbing Fade's hips I press my tongue against the tailhole, slowly pushing into it.
your pre starts to coat his paw, the wet slick pads only moving faster over your length as he murrs against you, starting to shift on the log as he licks down your chest before grinning up at you, softly kneading at your knot with his pads.
lightly began to pant at the attention you were giving him, looking down at you as you moved, a slight grin forming* D-damn your good... *shivering, his length at full mast and thick knot in view, moaning lightly.
i gasp and press harder and deeper into Fade, while my sheath is being stroked.
i stretch out my tongue and stretch Fade's hole a little more, moaning as my sheath grows, my cock poking out of it.
he winks up at you with a soft murr of appreciation* Thank you. And you're cute~ You'll have to hit me up again sometime when you're finished here... *he purrs as he starts gently lapping at the tip of your member with his tongue, the smooth appendage getting a taste of your pre as he massages your knot while stroking your shaft.
i start to moan into Fade's hole, vibrating it and tasting the walls of Fade's ass with my large tongue. My cock quickly growing to full size while moan.
he murred more, tail wagging as he smirked* Yeah? Wouldn't mind having you give me a poke yourself after, ohh~ *moaning out at the end, length throbbing more at the licking, gasping as he reached down, gently rubbing the back of your head, paws tracing along your ears.
I eagerly get up and align my cock with Fade's hole, pressing the tip against it and slowly pushing in.
he laughs a bit before he feels your paw on the back of his muzzle, purring louder as he gently starts sucking the top part of your length, his paw stroking along with his muzzle as it bobs up and down, his tail starting to wag.
i moan as I suddenly thrust in, hilting my cock in Fade's hole. Then I proceed to thrust in and out, moaning and gripping his hips tight.
moans more as he gently began to push down on your head, length throbbing and leaking pre  into your maw, groaning out* ohhh.... that's a good boy... get it nice and wet, suck it *panting out more, beginning to gently buck up into your warm maw.
i reach under Fade and grab his cock, stroking its length and moaning as I thrust faster into him.
he groans as you take a bit more control, ears folding back as he sucks on your cock, his paw abandoning stroking at it simply works on squeezing and teasing your knot as his tongue swirls around your shaft.
pants a bit more, continuing to buck as his length throbbed more, dripping more and more pre into your maw before standing up, both his paws gripping the back of your head* mmm.... sorry, it's too good to resist. *grinning, before beginning to buck into your maw a little more, knot throbbing in pleasure.
i gather the pre and quickly lick it out my paw* your pre tastes so good. I want to taste the real thing *i thrust harder.
i thrust into Fade harder and harder, slamming against him and moaning, howling in pleasure as I fill his ass with my thick dog cum.
you can feel his maw sucking on your length easily as you thrust back and fourth, having no trouble taking your length as he lets his paw drop from your cock completely, opting to rub your orbs as he gives you free reign to use his muzzle.
pants out more, reaching down and one paw holding your head, other rubbing the back of your head as he growled out in pleasure* D-damn... I'm c-closee.... *moaning more, his length throbbing and knot fully thickening out as he gasped out more, head tilting back while he bucked forward into your mouth.
i try to gather up as much as possible but some leaks off the side before I quickly bright in to my maw and chug it.
he begins pressing forward, lips kissing your knot each time you thrust as he lets you delve deeper into his muzzle, his tail wagging as he services your shaft his muzzle eager to take your length in full as his bobbing pace increases, both paws now rubbing your legs and giving you full ability to thrust as hard as you want.
i slowly pull out of Fade's rump, moaning as some cum dribbles out with my cock.
continued to thrust, that knot pressing more and more until pulling out to nearly the tip, and trying to thrust all the way in, releasing the warm husky seed into your maw with a loud howl, tail wagging swiftly behind him and holding your head close.
I moan and wriggle.
he opens his muzzle, just in time to let your knot sink in past his lips, feeling your cock throb as he starts swallowing quickly, feeling your release shooting down his maw as his tail wags furiously behind him, pressing his muzzle down around your knot as he's careful not to bite.
i rub the back of my head in embarrassment.
pants hotly as he holds your head in place, making sure to finish releasing his seed into your maw, before grinning and looking down once more at you* Q... quite the welcome heh... not a bad way to say hello *his tail swaying, letting his length stay where it was at for now.
i ruffle Fade's hair and press my cock deeper into his maw.
he blushes softly at your remark, keeping his muzzle on your length as you hold his muzzle in place only making him blush deeper as he opts to sit there and enjoy the taste of the husky shaft, his tongue occasionally pressing against it and licking up.
let his green length rest for a few moments longer in your mouth, tail swaying more before gently pulling bakc and out of your maw, groaning happily and sitting back down on the log, panting heavily* T-that was... wow heh... *head back and closing his eyes.
i gasp and moan, my hard cock twitching* t-that'll m-make me cum. D-definitely *i moan and grip Fade's hair, thrusting deep into his throat, moaning while I hump his maw.
he grins up at you, tail curling around his leg a bit in embarrassment* Glad you're satisfied. Any other time you want some fun feel free to come find me, though hopefully in a less... public setting. *he sheepishly smiles as he sits down next to you, leaning his head on your shoulder.
i grip his ears and start to hump harder, moaning louder and my cock twitching like mad.
snickered a tad, crossing his legs and wrapping an arm around you, tail swayying as he nuzzles the top of your head* mmm... likewise with you hehe. I'm happy to spend time with such a talented and attractive fella heh. *pulling you close, wagging just a tad slowly, and yawning.
he grins and licks your cheek gently, tail waving as he stretches* Being worn out just means I did my job~ *he winks as he stands up* Now I had better head back, as fun as this was I'm sure someone is wondering where we all ran off to. Nice meeting you Kinen. See ya later *he winks.
i hold Fade against my crotch, suddenly howling once more and cumming into his throat, making him swallow all my seed, now filling both ends.
grinning before moving to stand up, patting Rex on the head before heading off to his room.
i look down at Fade, smiling and winking.
walks back into the bar sometime later, his clothing looking new and pressed as he purrs loudly.
i quickly take my cock out of Fade's throat and bend over, lifting my tail and exposing my hole* no need to be gentle now, and if you need something to hold onto, I've got this *i draw your attention to the collar around my neck.
he cocks his head as he walks towards the bar* Rather full. *he snickers softly before noticing your arms.
I press my hole back against Fade's cock (how big?) and I moan when he starts to thrust into my tight tailhole, whimpering as it's slowly stretched.
i bend over more and whimper, Fade's cock pressing more into me and stretching my hole. My hole clenches around the thick cock as Fade thrusts harder into me.
he whines a bit in worry, walking over and giving you a warm hug, his paws glowing softly as the wounds under the bandages heal just a bit faster before the glow fades.
my sensitive balls feel empty as you rub them though I moan anyway, my hole clenching as you play with them.
he sighs, moving his paws away as he rubs his arms lightly* Sorry... I didn't know I was healing it. I cant control it. *he moves around to the other side of the counter, making sure it wont cause anymore trouble as he looks at you.
i kiss you back gently, whimpering as you pull out, trying to get back on your cock.
I nod and whimper as my tail wags eagerly.
I howl in pleasure and pain, whimpering as my hole is stretched even more.
he gives you a weird look, partially understanding before sitting next to you, leaning lightly against you as he purrs softly* I am glad you shared your room with me. Its comfy, even if I don't like the bed. *he chuckles gently.
he scoffs, giving you a soft pat on your leg* Maybe Ill pull you into a dance with me next time. *he laughs gently before pushing his nose into your neck and nibbling playfully.
he smiles warmly as he winks* Fair warning then. One, I cant dance. Two, I only know the waltz and the tango. *he pulls you up onto his lap, rubbing your forearms lightly as he purrs against you, laying back into the couch.
he smiles a bit at that, giving a nod* I do usually follow rather than lead, but I can do either. *he runs his paws up your shirt, scritching you gently as our purrs resonate.
he tilts his muzzle down against your head and closes his eyes, holding you a bit tightly against him.
he licks the tips of your ears, letting a deep murr roll over his as he smiles.
he grins wide* Darn... I was hoping to impress with my no parachutes factors. *snaps his fingers in a emphasized way.
he blushes deeply at the surprise kiss, his tail trying to curl around him as it instead lays across you* Heh, you're great company as well you know. As for friend well, you kinda let me sleep in your room. *he laughs softly as his blush fades, shifting under you a bit to get comfier in the couch.
he grins softly as that, tail twirling behind him as he sits up , his purr returning after his embarrassment fades away* I wouldn't mind if you wanted to make me your bed a night or two. Just don't be surprised if the bed frame gets a little stiff. *he laughs loudly at the joke.
he blushes and chuckles with you, rubbing your neck gently as you nuzzle him, tail swishing to and fro.
his tail tugs yours around as the two wave around gently as he begins kneading into your neck and back, paws pressing heavily* Guess I should prep you for bed if you make jokes like that *he teases, grinning.
he blushes deeply as well, giving a nervous chuckle as his paws turn a bit more heavy, not knowing what to do before he grins sheepishly.
he shifts again under you, his paws moving to gently rub and knead your sides now as he starts nibbling your ear, the blushing tolf finally out of witty remarks.
he murrs loudly in your ear as he starts licking your neck now, nibbling on it softly as his paws explore and massage your form.
his pulls his tail around you, covering below your waist and brushing them together there as he nips and licks at your neck heavily, his paws kneading above your waist.
he chuckles softly before you feel yourself being lifted up into his arms, giving you a playful grope* I'm not a fan of giving people a show if you know what I mean... *he begins moving to the stairs, his paws still kneading into a single side.
Walks in and sits at the bar, pretending not to notice what's going on as I drink a coffee and play on my phone.
he grins as he nudges your muzzle, his walk stopping as he looks at your door and he gives a wink.
he gives a playful growl as he steps inside, his tail closing the door behind us.
woofie yawwwwns awake and wiggles in his sleeping bag, rested from a wonderful nights sleep. He crawls out of the bag and exits his tent to sit with the other animals near the camp fire.
woofie yips at trevor, welcoming him to the camp site. Nearbye there is a lake where the sea creatures are swimming. The rest of the animals are relaxing by the fire or still asleep in their tents.
woofie watches trevor enter the camp site, impressed by the motion of his fur as the wind blows through it. He stands up and starts to walk over but pauses, unsure if trevor wants his company.
the pup awkwardly reaches down, pretending that he dropped something, and then returns to his seat a little heart broken.
woofie rubs his ears.
Pretends to not be paying any attention to what the others are doing.
woofie giggles.
woofie gets up and grabs two ice cold beers from the cooler. he turns around, fur waving in the breeze, and returns to trevor handing him his beer.
he appears from the woods, wearing a cyan t-shirt and white shorts before propping himself down against a log with a smile.
woofie takes a long sip of his own beer, so refreshing on a hot summer day, and reclines back enjoying the sun.
yawned a bit as he wandered up to the camp, black shorts and yellow t-shirt before sitting down on his log from yesterday, still waking up.
he grins a bit wide, looking over at the husky before winking at him.
glanced over, seeing the other and blushing slightly.
he laughs at Trevor and grins* All bartenders are sly. *he turns his attention back to Kinen as he goes to sit next to him, reclining on the log.
woofie wraps a paw around trevor, hoping he loosed up a bit from the beer.
let out a rather content murr, placing an arm around Avrus and rubbing his back gently.
he laughs gently and grins.
nods at Avrus, looking around with a yawn and smiling* glad to hear it then heh. Dont want you loosing out on rest yeah? *raising a paw to gently pet along your ears.
he purrs softly as you pet his ears, giving a tail wag in return.
gently pulling you closer, before looking around with another yawn.
he nods, looking around as well.
nods a bit, wagging slowly* works for me, more chances to meet people. Though dont think ill ever get another hello quite like yours *snickering and rubbing your head more.
he murrs deeply, wagging and winks* If you want another hello you can drag me away. *he laughs softly as he reclines back, bathing in the sun.
couldnt help but grin just a bit, stretching a little more* ohhh? Well if that was your hello im curious to see your conversations now *a chuckle escaping, tail wagging while continuing to pet over your ear.
his leg kicks a bit as he lets a small chuckle rumble out, tail wagging quickly before he purrs loudly again.
wagged more, gently running his paw over your head and slowly shoulders.
cue sad music.
let out a yawn as he made his way to the cabin, seeing the place rather quiet as he glanced around and moved to go sit on the sofa.
Axton entered his cabin in the woods hoping everyone could find it okay. He had planned for a fun truth or dare party and prepared snacks and beverages on the long and wide table which he sat at, legs crossed. The collie wore a tank top, shades on his forehead, jean pants and boxers over his collie bits waiting for the guests to arrive.
yawned a bit as he approached the cabin, having come from his own area before gently wandering in, knowing there was a Collie he met his first night here, his black shirts and T-shirt the only visible thing on him.
I looked up from resting on my paws sitting still at the table* hm? oh uh so it seems haha, please come in *I ushered the husky in.
stretching as he made his way over to the couch, sitting down and just stretching, before getting comfortable again.
I scratched my chin fur thinking.
tilting his head before stretching.
I said with a cocky attitude, eager and ready to get this party started, but patient enough to wait until others showed up.
slowly standing, before heading over to the fridge and grabbing two things, mixing them into a cup and walking back over, grinning.
I gulped and got some water to help me out then begrudgingly drunk it in haste to not taste it for long, coughing and gagging at its disgusting taste.
laughed a bit, leaning back* i cant believe you actually did! Oh god... And string bean? Im much more kiwi or apple colored mister collie!*smirkinf a tad.
I rolled my eyes but nodded thinking of something truly as viscious* How many cocks have you sucked this week!? *I smiled with a wide grin expecting a blush before the answer.
I asked curiously.
smirked a bit, leaning back and wagging* how many have I? Jokes on you, only one this week considering the conpany ive made. *noticing the new person, waving.
I said still shivering from the last gross dare I was issued.
watches and chuckles.
I blushed wildly at the thought of being naked in front of the other two.
snickers a bit.
I said taking a deep breath then standing up in front of the two and stripping off my shirt revealing my pecs and abs then my pants and boxers exposing my fat sheath and full balls to the other two males setting the clothing on the table.
smirks, lifting his legs and resting them on the table, amd slightly ontop of the clothes.
he walks into the cabin just as the dare commences, pausing at the sight as his tail falls.
glances over, smiling a tad* Avrus, glad to see ya heh. *patting the spot next to himself.
I rolled my eyes and attempted to do the truffle shuffle but his pecs were not flabby to he just jiggled them sighing in awkwardness especially when the new person entered to my nude form.
he chuckles softly and nods, walkingin to sit next to Kinen with a smile.
shakes his paws and laughs.
I sighed and sat on the chair still nude, my warm balls and sheath resting on the wooden chair and hidden under the table for all to see if they tried even slightly.
he grins and chuckles softly.
smirked and grabbed Axton's clothes, tossing them at him and watching jace.
I gasped being hugged by the fox out of nowhere against my naked body.
leaning back. Stretched out.
I nodded* I always get naked immediately, people just cant resist the big ol' sheath and balls *I said bluhsing petting it softly but not sexually.
I blushed looking down at Jace's fallen form near my exposure* u-uh... got a T or D for someone *gulps.
raises an eyebrow.
raises an eyebrow.
I chuckled softly.
I blushed deeply at the dare surprised I was the target, but wasnt really complaining.
paused a bit, glancing over a bit before chuckling* ohhh? Is that so? *slowly sitting up, gently scooting over near axton with a grin.
I blushed a bit crimson, my paws gripping the chair girmly near my naked hips.
scoots closer and brings a paw around Axton, placing it on the back of the collie's head before leaning forward, locking his own lips to the males and kissing with a wag of his own tail.
he grins at the dare, giving his own soft chuckle as he watches the proceedings.
I mumbled eyes wide to the long kiss before he finally broke it, a string of saliva connecting our muzzles.
murred a bit, wagging before pulling away, snickering* too much? *leaning back and watchinf.
I blushed a bit but nodded to the dare exposing my feet paws to him.
i sit down near the gathering of animals.
I shivered softly a bit.
merely watched, stretching out and wagging a bit.
I was content, feet really did nothing for me, but it was the dare afterall.
I look around the gathering.
I blushed sitting next to the other fox, equally nude to myself, my red cock tip peeked from its sheath.
I blushed still heavily feeling Jace now lean against me, his warm head resting on my nude shoulder.
points at Kinen.
paused a bit, chuckling.
watches looking in anticipatin at the potentially saucy dare.
he grins wide, waving at the big bear.
i think and grin.
smiles, I walk over and sit down.
I blushed at his dare to the other.
i grin and look at Kinen.
paused at that, actually shifting a little red* W... What? Uhh... ermmm... *glancing at Jace.
shrugs slightly.
giggles watching them play games.
he laughs softly before leaning forward and giving your sheath a lick.
slowly stood up, walking over to Jace and rubbing the back of his own head.
eats honey as I watch them unfold.
gently walks over, getting on all fours and leaning down, softly starting at that base and licking slowly up, dragging his wet tongue until it reach the hole, giving it a slow lick before continuing up, slowly climbing ontop of Jace in the process, tongue dragging along his spine until finally reaching his neck, pulling away after* T... There... *panting just a bit.
I smirk and wink at Kinen.
lays ontop a bit, glad he was still dressed before looking over at the others* T... There, my dare is done... *blushing even more at Rex's comment.
grabs his clothes.
he laughs and waves as he watches you run out.
sits down himself, paws ajusting himself in his lap before clearing his throat.
he yawns a bit, turning to Sioux with a smile.
finishes the honey and trys to lick it off my face smiling. I began walking to the bar.
he laughs as he follows after the bear, waving goodbye as he closes the door.
waves them farily, looking at Rex and Jace left.
i look a little worried in anticipation.
blushed a little at that, chuckling and looking at the two.
at the dare I look at little shocked, glancing over at Kinen.
i look at Jace.
i go over to Kinen and go between his legs, sucking at his sheath and licking over it, trying to get him hard.
reaches down, undoing his shorts and pulling down the black fabric as well as the blue jock, revealing his white sheath before gasping at the licking, leaning back and murring, Green length slowly poking out.
i look up at Kinen, I'm not done yet *i quickly turn around and sit on him lap, rubbing my rump against his sheath, giving his a very teasy lap dance.
gasps a bit, gently grinding back against and shivering, beginning to get harder from just the grinding, slowly getting harder.
i undo my trousers and pull them down, releasing some small pants while I grind harder, moaning as I feel Kinen get hard against my hole.
shivers a bit at the attention, getting fully erect and laying back, panting.
I came in with the rest of the group. Sitting myself down to enjoy some truth or dare and would await for my turn, I would always love these kinds of games..
continues to grind hard on his lap.
pants a bit, smirking as he gets fully hard, thick green length erect.
i look at Jace.
blushes a bit, shaking his head and wagging a little.
I blush hard* W-well, looks like I'm getting filled *I take off my pants and reveal my tailhole, positioning my hole above his thick cock.
smirked a bit, sitting up a bit and gently gripped your hips, positioning the tip just right* true... Though it is your dare heh *beginning to gently lower you.
grins a bit, gripping you and begins to push you down, pushing inside slowly and groaning.
I moan loudly as I'm lowered onto the tip of the large cock* I-I'll try not to i-interupt with my moans *while looking up at Kinen, I whisper in his ear.
murred at those words, wagging* well... If you say that *before pushing you down hard onto my length, bucking into fully.
I moan loudly and howl, being filled completely by Kinen's thick cock.
gently wraps his arms around rex, holding him close and begining to lightly buck up into the retriever.
I look up at Kinen and smirk* I'm fine with that *pressing myself down on him and moaning louder.
gasps and begins to bounce Rex harder on my length, leaning back.
Watches Kinen and Rex as he wonders what the next truth or dare will be.
Looks surprised at being asked.
I moan, trying not to be louder than Jace and Drake, my cock growing quickly from my sheath.
growls a bit, continuing to buck up and down in the dog* errff... Good boy... Heh.. May need to steal you sometime *continuing to bounce the retriever on his daek green length.
Stands up, swings arms back and forth a couple times before successfully doing a backflip.
I moan and look up at Kinen.
continues to buck and bounce the retriever, groaning out and sliding out nearly fully before ramming back in, knot forming .
I moan loudly, being filled by the rough cock* C-can you be doing two dare's at once, c-cause I'd be happy to do another dare right now *I moan as my cock grows and twitches with each thrust.
growls more, leaning back a bit and wagging* that or myself... Considering this was your dare... *continuing to slam in and out, knot pushing on that tight entrance.
Watches eagerly.
I whimper as my hole gets stretched more as the Husky's knot is rammed against my hole.
moans and continues to buck harder into Rex* alright errff... I dare you to undress Drake, using only your tail and teeth * gripping harder onto Rex's hips, length throbbing.
Looks at Jace blushing hard.
I howl once more in pleasure as I feel Kinen's knot go deep into my small tight ass, moaning loudly.
Murrs lightly, blushing even harder.
watches a bit, shivering and moaning before suddenly gripping hard onto rex's hips, gasping and giving one hard thrust, popping the knot in fully and deep before releasing into the retriever.
I howl to the sky, long and loud as the Husky fills my ass, quickly making my stomach bulge a but from the amount of cum being pumped into me.
pants a bit more, laying back and shivering, rubbing Rex's back* t... There... Your dare is conplete heh... * watching Jace work on drake.
Giggles at being tickled watching your remove my pants .
I pant as well, trying to catch my breath.
Blushing at now being completely naked and sits down quickly.
wags a bit, whispering to Rex* thanks for riding, heh... *licking at the retriever's neck.
I try to stand up but the Husky's thick knot is stuck in me.
groans and yanks Rex back down* Patience... Warned you im thick... *smirking.
I chuckled very softly as all of these dares were getting to be so extreme. I would patiently wait for my turn.
Chuckles softly as he looks at him..
Sits there happily watching the truth and dares going around.
lets rex off, pulling up his jock and shorts before buttoning them back up, leaning back and watching with a murr.
watches, mostly leaning back silent and relaxing.
chuckled at the sight, wagging.
blinks and glances around.
I said laying back yawning a little. Looking at my claws chuckling just a bit now.
I chuckled a bit more playing with my claws a bit now.
ssmirks and stretches.
I pay my attention to the dragon now. Crossing my arms grinning just a little staring into his eyes.
I said fairly softly, I then look over at Surrie and wave slowly smiling at her* "Hey there Surrs how goes it?" *I asked yawning a little and stretch as I do so.
I ask as I pay my attention over to him now chuckling lightly. My tail wags and I await for my choices here.
I said rubbing my paws together chuckling more. My tail wagging fast, oh the thrills were getting there.
stretches out and watches.
snickers a bit.
I said rolling my eyes a little at such an easy dare to do, I look over at Kinen chuckling a bit.
raises an eyebrow, snickering.
rolls out in a furry finned ball.
I said putting a paw up in Jason's face still looking at Kinen I take a deep breath and say.
blinked a bit at that, tilting his head* wow thats... Alot haha! I dunno if i can even do that... *rubbing the back of his own head, slightly red.
I said laying back, sighing happily looking at everyone else and up at the sky. Now waiting for Kinen to do the dare.
laughs and gently slides his pants off, jock falling off after and stretching a bit, green length hard before leaning down, barely getting his own length in his maw and pushing two fingers in his own rump, beginning to go through the alphabet the best he could, muttering.
I pick my head up watching him really try to do this. I bite my lip and snickered and started to chuckle and then laugh hearing him.
tries to roll and flops onto his stomach, growling and laying flat.
yawned a bit, sitting back on the cough and rebuttoning his pants for the second time that night.
snickers and watches.
eeps and ducks my head, looking at Jace.
carefully watches from the sofa.
snickers but doen't say anything, watchin instead.
chuckled a bit, wagging and watching the two .
flicked an ear, glancing at Woofie with a chuckle.
Axton enters his cabin redressed in his pants, boxers and tank top with his ears perked up.
woofie sits up and waves hi to axton.
wavd a bit at Axton, strething out and mostly relaxing on the sofa still.
woofie still has clothes on.
has his clothes on, mostly lounging on the couch.
Axton blushed a bit seeing most folks naked in his cabin.
glanced over a bit, chuckling.
I said as I left the cabin, the sound of a loud splash followed by me returning naked and shivering, my sheath and balls hanging freely as I leaned over and gave Jace's face a kiss. Grabbing a towel to dry himself off.
chuckled a bit, watching from the sofa and keep watching.
jumps on you.
contnues to watch, wagging with a murr.
leans on you as I waggle my tail and watches with you.
I said standing up, my nude body shifted making my sheath and balls wiggle free.
waves from the sofa, yawning a bit and mostly lounging, still clothed himself.
stretches more and relaxes.
I said sitting back down and sighing reaching into my removed pants to text* no, silly Vesper ask someone .
looks to because I a nosey.
i walk in in a large over coat, getting out of the cold, coming into the bar.
yawns and shivers, walking down from his room and sitting at the bar himself, half-asleep.
Looks up and waves.
i sit in the corner of the room and notice Drake.
chuckled slightly.
nodded softly, leaning over to sniff at it a bit.
i sit in the corner, and look up at the ceiling, thinking.
let his tail wag, murring with a nod.
i slowly rise and go and sit at the bar, sitting while my tail flops on the floor.
Hands Kinen a travel mug.
murrs and wags, taking th emug and softly sipping.
i look into the tea and sigh* yeah, just a long day, lots of shit happening. Plus it's too cold right now *i look outside at the freezing weather.
I walk over to Rex and give him a hug.
i hug Drake, feeling his body heat.
I sit down on a stool and Pat my lap.
going over to Drake, I sit on his lap and cuddle into him, feeling his body heat.
Holds Rex close, snuggling .
i look up at Drake and nod* you're really warm *i feel cold in your lap, I shiver a little in your embrace.
I rub the back of your head.
my ears twitch, as does my leg* Mmm, that feels good *i smile as my tongue starts to hang out of my mouth.
looks at the two of them more, frowning and listneign.
Starts petting you as I hold you close.
my tail wraps around Drake's leg as I relax into him, trying to warm up.
I smile and look at peace while cuddling Drake.
I kiss the top of Rex's head as I hold him close, smiling.
i giggle and smile.
As I sit there with Rex in my arms I pick up my coffee but realize it's empty.
chuckle a bit, wagging and offers his.
waves at all.
looking at Jason and pulling out his phone to dial up the ambulance.
woofie gasps watching jason fall, and runs over to help him get up.
looking at the broken arm.
nodding while sitting back down on couch.
sinks into the couch awkwardly.
woofie takes a pack of girl scout cookies to the corner and noms.
lookin around and a bit shaken up.
walks downstairs, tail waving as he smiles at everyone and waves.
he laughs softly and shakes his head* It's a bunch of girl scouts guys, he's not that badly hurt. A bit of a drink and I'm sure he'd be fine. *he points to the phone casually.
watching from the vent covering.
he sighs, grabbing some medical supplies as he looks at the mess of his arm and sitting down next to him.
he smiles at Flare, tail wagging.
woofie walks over to avrus and helps to treat jasons arm.
he chuckles, grabbing a bottle of dark rum and pineapple juice, mixing a painkiller before sliding it over to Jason* Drink that, and don't stand up for awhile. *he sighs a bit.
he gives you a worried look, eyeing you carefully as he leans towards Flare.
a flashback happens.
he taps his foot at Fenrir then points to Jasons broken arm.
tail wishing and dome gleaming with excitement.
smiling and nodding.
resting my tail on the floor only to whip viciously around.
smirking and trying to hide a laugh.
he slides over to the patron, smiling warmly.
winks as he disappears into the kitchen, the sound of pans clattering around as he gets to work.
he walks out of the kitchen, sliding down a glass full of guiness and a plate with a burger oozing cheese out of it and topped with tomatoes and lettuce.
he smiles and waves before looking at the other two as he pockets the bill, his paws glowing slightly.
he taps his foot impatiently, paws flaring a bit brighter as he continues listening.
he slides down a glass of vodka to you, eyeing you calmly.
he gives you a look, and a dissatisfied sigh.
he cracks a soft grin at you.
looks to Avrus.
feeling my pant legs and checking pockets, ouuling out a deathly large green orb.
he stares at the orb, blinking his eyes softly.
putting it back in my pocket* I-it's my virginity.....I keep around for jusr such occasions *opens bottle and begins drinking.
pats you on the back while drinking.
nods softly* Riiiightttt... *he looks over at Jace.
looks over to you.
stops drinking and begins to feel dizzy and disoriented.
runs to toilet, throwing up all over the place.
porcelain begins melting.
woofie stumbles in and hops on a bar stool.
slowly wandered in, stretching as those tan pants and blue shirt fit loosely, seeing who was around.
he waves at Kinen from behind the bar with a chuckle.
glanced at Avrus, smiling before wandering over, stretching a tad and sitting at the bar.
woofie looks around, lonely, looking for someone friendly to cuddle with.
he chuckles, sliding a glass of liquid to Woofie, before also grabbing a few frozen spiked lemonades and sliding those to Jason and his dragon.
smirked a tad, tail swishing.
laughs and nods at Kinen.
smiled a bit.
he laughs softly and smiles.
shrugs a bit, shaking his head.
he cocks his head.
shook his head, sighing* oh no, i mean i love to have pals to talk too haha. I just meant the usual stuff. Ya know, idiots who aggravate and people who arw rude *smirks and shrugs.
chuckles softly.
shrugged a bit before leaning back.
After such an event of partying and drinking last night. I would walk in very tipsy and with red eyes,I chuckled softly and almost lost my balance as I made my way over past Jason and another female.
I walk into the bar, a little drunk and go into the corner of the room.
he yawns as he steps back into the bar, having taken  a stroll outside.
woofie sits at the bar still, drinking himself silly.
walks in sitting at the bar my shoulders slumped exhausted every movement making me wince.
he chuckles and slides Ryan down a cold lynchburg.
laughs and takes the beer taking a sip.
he laughs and raises an eye.
laughs* well then I suppose not everything but the night is young*winks.
he grins and winks back.
yawns a bit, ear twitching from his nap as he looked up from the sofa.
sips some more from my glass .
he smiles, giving a wave to Kinen before turning back to Ryan.
winks* when you get off?* licks my lips.
he smiles warmly back and checks the clock.
snickers at the two, laying back and stretching out on the sofa.
he laughs and shakes his head.
bites his lower lip .
he grins, walking to the stairs and waving his paw.
Walks slowly up the stairs making sure his hips sway in front of you.
Axton entered the bar wearing his tank top, shorts and boxers over his sheath and balls. I looked around then waved to those around here.
waves back as I'm sitting at the bear in my galaxy boxers.
he smiles as he waves at Xyph, Sioux, and Axton as they walk in.
I said idly scratching my bulge a bit.
I said looking around.
he smiles warmly* Im headed to bed myself. *he walks over, giving Xyph a tight hug and walking to the stairs.
I waved to him softly* thanks have fun sleeping bud *I sat at the bar stool.
he smiles warmly at you* I'm sure I will, to both of those. *he grins and waves goodnight to everyone as he walks up the stairs.
Axton walked over to Jason and patted his shoulder.
Axton was at the beach wearing his swim trunks over his warm sheath and balls then lay out a towel as he lay on it legs spread and humming softly.
I waved to Xena sitting upright.
I happened to bring a second towel and layed it out for her(or him?) .
I said blushing a bit, my sheath releasing my red cock tip in my swim trunks tenting it slightly at the thought of fucking.
changing the topic as my boner got half hard as an obvious tent in my trunks.
I tilted my head shyly at her sudden anger.
I awkwardly scratched my head, the boner in my trunks since subsided back into my sheath.
I said tilting my head like a dog.
I blushed feeling her paw on my exposed leg fur.
I shook my head honestly.
I turned my focus to Jace waving.
I yelled to him loudly.
surfacing in water and laughing a little.
tilts his head, a little left out then takes a sandwhich from his basket and begins to eat it.
I eventually walked over to the two still eating the sandwhich, the trunks hanging very low on my hips.
looking at the two canines.
unvelcros his swim trunks to look at his big fat sheath and balls then revelcros, but less sturdily.
you noticed my swim trunks were now very loosely hung on by only half as much velcro as before.
grinding against your front while looking back at jace.
slides into sand slowly.
stands near Xena, my bulge right near her face, with the velcro weakly sustaining the swim trunks.
looking up at the bulge.
I said playfully bonking her nose with said bulge.
smiling and sinking intot the sand a little more.
yawned a bit, stepping away and heading down to the beach before pausing and tilting his head.
woofie waves hi to kinen.
I waved to the new faces, hopefully ones who wont just mope like the other two running over to them.
gets up from sand while taking collies hand.
paused a bit, stretching and heaving over, his blue tank and tan cargo pants fitting loosely.
I waved to him* just hanging out at the beach *I said looking down and opening my trunks exposing my fat sheath and balls once more this time velcroing them properly.
chuckled a bit, smiling before walking over and plopping down next to, yawning and relaxing.
rubs between his ears.
murrls and grooms his head.
nodded a bit, stretching out.
I chuckled blushng not remembering if I did anything sexual with Kinen yet or not.
outs my head on counter* that was a disappointment.........*falls into a deep sleep.
snickered a bit, nodding* I suppose that is true *laying back, staring up at the sky and relaxing, having not done anything together.
just lay back still only in his swim trunks apparently everyone else had gone back to the bar and it was just you and I.
awkwardly shuffles around.
looking up at Xena, waving.
I said patting the bulge in my trunks.
lowering myself to the sand a bit.
chuckled a bit, murring.
I chuckled blushng next to Kinen.
walking around in circles on the sand.
wags a bit, smiling and looking at Axton with a yawn.
picks up clam shell while viciously tearing it in half.
glances at Xena, flicknig an ear* is... she okay? And perhaps... though perhaps it's time for a new game too? *thinking a bit.
eyeing jace while stalking him silently.
laughed a bit, smiling.
I tilted my head.
glanced over.
chuckled* then adjust the rules... for everything you have tone you gotta do something to someone else... not hard to adjust rules *stretching.
I chuckled at all these people coming from the wood works to play. I set up chairs for everyone to sit around a bon fire I made on the beach.
curls around jace.
I whinced a bit and shivered not liking to lick cock but shrugged as it was the dare, then walked over to Rex and lapped at his bulge a bit.
nibbles on ear with sharp teeth.
sneaks on in.
waves to Klaus.
closes eyes and breathes deeply, launching my self into space with great big jump.
yawns and sips my tea sitting in the circle amongst the others.
Watches the xenomorph take flight very easily. Looking up and wave chuckling* "See ya when you get back, Oh and hi guys another t and d night?" *I asked looking at everyone.
sways my tail.
crosses my legs and takes another sip from my tea.
calling your bluff.
I chuckled walking over and gave you a long drug out kiss tongue invading your maw and dancing with yours.
merped a little surprised by the tongue kissing the collie back playfully and swaying my tail more behind me.
I chuckled jokingly.
woofie shakes his rump, watching the game.
walks over to woofie and pets his head.
yawns and puts my tea back to my lips boredly.
impatient dog.
sits down watching them all talk.
woofie giggles and watches, anxious.
murrs and wags at the pettings, stretching out and smiling.
I chuckled at his fall.
woofie sits and watches, waiting for rex's question.
pets woofies head a bit.
Grabs Axton and pulls him close to tear his trunks off and grab onto his sack and tug and pull, stroking him off in the process.
nudges the badger.
I gasped falling out of my chair and onto my back having my trunks torn off and thrown over your shoulder and my sheath gently stroked and caressed making it half hard.
woofie shuts up now, waiting for KJ to pick.
While taking care of Axton teasing the shit out of him I look over to Bruin and ask.
I closed my eyes and mumbled, curling my toes as KJ kept stroking my cock making it fully hard and knotted.
I sat on Axton's chest having a bulge right in front of his face and went to lean in a little to lick at Axtons cock and look to Bruin again.
giggles at axton and kj.
I let out a weak moan as my cock was lapped at by the large wolf shivering and panting as some pre leaked free of it.
woofie sits and watches.
sits next to you and watches.
Eventually KJ got off of me and I shook my fur a bit, cock still rock hard and knotted as I sat back in my chair and shivered a bit.
picks up the bag and wanders off, momentarily bringing back a big box of fish crackers and setting them on the Badgers lap.
woofie watches axton and KJ, jellous.
I smile looking at wolfie as he was dared.
woofie wonders where KJ went, but waits nervously for his dare.
takes paw full of fish crackers and stuff them into my maw before returning my attention to the game. Grabbing a fish cracker and setting it on Woofies lap.
ties your hands together.
I chuckled as my cock eventually went back into my sheath as I watched.
I chuckled a bit.
woofie wiggles in his new contraints, but remains focused on the cracker in front of him. he gracefully tries to bend over and eat it from his lap but fails. finally he flips over, resting his chest against the ground, the cracker waiting there. the wolfsky twists around to place his his maw in front of the cookie and then laps it up with his long pink tounge.
claps as Woofie retrieves the cracker finally.
woofie will be.
watches waiting.
giggles at Axtons reaction.
I walk over to axton and wink at him as I step beside him. Slowly placing my hand on his leg. Rubbing it slowly to his crotch, whispering something dirty into his ear as I give his balls and crotch a squeeze. I pull away and wink at him as I return to my seat. I pull my honey pot and eat.
I blushed deeply having my sheath stroked and rubbed by the bear.
keep watching from the beach, mostly enjoying the antics.
I blushed covering my sheath with my paws.
Drake walks in, eyes only half open, drinking out of a travel mug, sits at the bar and rests his head on his hand.
Rex, asleep in one of the booths wakes up and stretches, sitting up.
I yawn and rub my eyes.
Moves over to you and snuggles up.
wanders in and yawns, stretching and wearing just his blue jock,half asleepy mostly.
hugs Drake and kisses his forehead.
chuckled and nods, stretching and laying on the sofa.
walks downstairs, yawning and plopping down against Kinen on the sofa, waving.
erfs a bit, blushing adn huging Avrus, still in just his jockstrap.
winks at him.
he chuckles as he presses back into the hug.
smirks and turns slightly red* it's late, im barely awake, i figured after all those games of truth or dare seeing my in my underwear wouldn't bother anyone *murring and wagging, hugging Avrus happily.
purrs softly as his tail wags against the husky.
the small 5'5" pup comes back into the bar soaking wet and dripping.
i go into the utility closet and come outa few moments later in just my underwear, sitting at the bar.
waves at Zion.
he yawns and smiles from his couch, waving back.
Axton wandered into the theme park wearing cargo pants, a tank top and boxers that held his canine bits as he hopped the fence with spray cans in paw with an intent to tag.
Axton also heads towards the tunnel.
woofie sniffs the new canine.
blushes softly, hiding himself a little with his bushy tail.
woofie sits there stary eyed, transfixed by the swirling fur as it blows in the afternoon breeze.
swishes his foxtail around shyly, looking back through a blush.
woofie approches the fox and brushes up againt it's side, murring playfully.
hesitates for a few seconds before giving a playful yap and rubbing back against woofie.
woofie giggles happy to have made a new friend.
the blue fox swishes his tail over him a few times, letting you a few more playful little barks before doing some investagatory sniffing.
woofie chuckles as you brush your tail over him, he is pretty ticklish :3 woofie also blushes as you sniff him, and then returns the favor.
lets out a quiet murr, obviously pleased with the other males scent.
woofie can't stop sniffing valko's butt, please send help.
blushes rather brightly, letting out an embarrassed whine, but makes no attempt to interrupt.
looks around.
woofie growls at axton.
woofie waves hi to putu.
whines and wiggles his butt around.
woofie trots back over to valko, licks his side and then colapses into a ball.
wags his tail as he pads in slowly.
waves at you.
smiles and waves back.
looks around as he is kinda skiddish.
he looks up at trevor. He rubs the back of his neck hiding marks from his old collar..
he pads up to the bar only to sit down as he shrugs his shoulder.
He shrugs as he puts his head on the counter getting it wet from his fur..
he wags his tail only to lower his ears.
he flinched when you hold out your paw. He opens his eyes as he reaches a paw out to shake it slowly.
He wags his tail.
He gets up and follows the feline without a second thought.
He steps into the bathroom and quickly slides off his wet shorts and tshirt. He bends over exposing his rump to the door as he turns on the hot water..
he wiggles his rump to the feline while he is in the room. After the feline leaves he gets in the shower and starts to wash the dirt and rain from his fur.
He comes out wearing the clothes only to sit back at the counter wagging his tail.
he blushes and sips at the drink you made for him earlier..
He tilts his head .
He looks around and smirks.
He Nods and wags his tail smiling.
he gropes the feline before jumping back over the counter.
He sits at the bar sipping his gin as he looks the office over. He gulps and looks away knowing run away pups are always hunted down by police.
he gulps and shakes his paw slowly* I'm...blitz * though his name is midnight. He didn't want the officer to recognize him.
he looks at the ground not wanting to make eye contact.
He wags his tail as he looks at his now empty glass..
he blushes and shrugs* I um..*he doesn't wanna admit he has only had water his whole,life till now.
He giggles and smirks.
he giggles and gropes the officer.
he reaches over the bar and gropes the officer. He slips and falls to the floor behind the counter.
he gets up dusting himself off as he giggles.
he giggles not realizing the officer just found him out.
he giggles and nuzzles against the officer.
he sits on the stool giggling.
he drinks the water slowly.
he lays his head on the counter giggling still.
he passed out on the counter.
he wakes up and finishes his water.
he whines to the officer.
he waves to the stranger.
He drinks it as he sits on the stool struggling not to fall over.
he gets off the stool and falls to the floor giggling.
He gets up and whines.
he giggles and nuzzles into the officers chest.
comes down from the officers room limping.
he blushes and pads to the bar smelling of the officers cum.
He looks at rex blushing.
Sits and snorts.
wags his tail slowly.
Wriggles large rump and curly tail.
he looks up at rex only to smirk.
the young cuntboi crosses his legs and looks away from rex.
he gets up and pads up to rex as he looks into his eyes. The cuntboi had forgotten to get dressed before he left Hindai's room.
The pup is still intoxicated from before. He blushes as he looks up at rex. He looks away and covers his nose as he is actually in heat and rex's strong musk is proving too much.
nods and gropes the male before trying to walk back to his stool.
sits on his stool wagging his tail.
He lowers his ears and nods his head.
he sneaks up behind rex while he isn't paying attention and steals his cigar. He takes a bit and starts coughing. He drops the cigar on the floor and whimpers.
he gets to his feet coughing as he picks up the busted cigar. He holds it out to rex as he lowers his ears.
he puts the cigar on the counter only to lower his ears. He pads back to his stool and sits down.
the young canine cuntboi pads over to the feline only to flop down on the pillow next to him. He leans back and lays his head on the felines stomach as if using him for a pillow.
gets up and pads over to rex wagging his tail.
he pads up and looks it over slowly.
waves to the people waking up.
Pounces the bear only to giggle.
giggles and hugs you.
wish more doms were online.
Pounces the feline.
the cuntboi wags his tail as he sits on the cheetah.
mrowls and paws at the little cuntboi.
whimpers and gets up.
looks at rex and rolls his eyes* yeah right...I bet I wouldn't even cum *he smirks.
he pads up to rex and smirks.
Walks I'm drinking a coffee.
 the naked cuntboi waves at the stranger.
Freezes, then smiles.
wags his tail giggling.
Tail wagging a little.
he smiles and pads over to a large pillow and plops down. He forgets he is naked and let's his legs spread.
Unable to take his eyes of Blitz.
He stretches and lays back on the pillow with his eyes closed. His legs spread wide.
Watching Blitz, drinks coffee and tries to find something to do.
Wags his tail as he lifts his head up looking at drake.
Sits down and finishes his coffee, tail wagging. Not taking his eyes off Blitz and blushing very slightly.
walks downstairs with a yawn, looking around the room.
Waves to Avrus and smiles* morning mister *the cuntboi giggles.
rolls his eyes and points.
Wags tail at the thought, but turns hoping no one noticed.
he sits up giggling.
shrugs again as he steps behind the bar counter, looking for hot chocolate.
wags his tail and lays back giggling* I don't wanna *he is still partly drunk from last night.
rolls over on the pillow with his rump in the air as he play with a phone he found.
rolls over waving at the new furs. The cuntboi finally covers himself with a pillow.
sits down at the bar with a taco, tail wagging as he takes a  bite of his breakfast.
he gets up and pads to the bar still naked. He sits at the bar wagging his tail.
he wags his tail and smiles.
Smirks and giggles* I don't like wearing clothes to be honest *the cuntboi wags his tail.
slides behind the bar as he pours a glass of mint lemonade before sliding it to Blitz.
he sips the lemonade wagging his tail.
He wags his tail and giggles.
he smiles at Milo.
he chuckles softly, walking over to pick Xyph up and give her a nuzzle on her belly before turning around to Milo.
he sits down on a couch, gently rubbing your shoulders as he purrs.
Pounces the feline only to hide.
he murrs gently and licks your neck, smiling at you.
he pads back to the feline giggling.
he looks at the jackal only to giggle.
he holds out his paw* I'm midnight *the cuntboi giggles.
he wags his tail and sniffs your paw.
he wags his tail.
he smiles and wags his tail.
he chuckles softly, standing up and nuzzling your belly a bit before heading toward the stairs.
he grins, picking you up again with a wink* Cmon princess. *slowly carries you up the stairs, tail waving a goodbye to everyone.
sits at the bar wagging his tail..
The cuntboi looks around before looking at silver.
Sips at his drink as he gets up and pads off to a corner booth .
The young canine cuntboy lays on a giant pillow wagging his tail as he plays with the phone he found..
Waves at the gryphon giggling.
He runs off and brings fade a towel.
He smiles and hugs fade as he tries to warm him up.
He blushes as he looks up at fade biting his lower lip. He doesn't realize he smells of heat..
He blushes and tilts his head.
the feral slowly makes her way into the room, she smiles giving a wave as she flops on a bean bag.
she rubs her eyes a small amount with her right forepaw, she smiles seeing him and nods slowly licking her lips looking at the food. "Yes I did". She says her about diving in to begin eating.
she leans into the pats a small amount and nods giving him a lick on his right arm, she goes back to eating.
the massive feral seems to hear up on what is going on and she rushes over to see it happen. She sits down a few feet away from the two and follows a little behind if needed, she was interested.
he grins as he walks down the steps, ears perking as he chimes in.
the feral loved the energy coming off the to as they found a place to let it out. She loved a good anthro fight as she found it adorable and cute.
follows along, tail waving curiously if in a bit of fear from Fenrirs stories as his paws glow slightly.
he would be jumped by a heavy bear and brought into a very firm bear hug.
pretends to nom his arm.
the massive 10 foot long five foot tall feral had been on the other side of he counter when he jumped back behind it. She looked at the guns and her pupils went large as she focused on the two felines. She begins to sniff deeply having her eyes draw to the rabbit. She sits down and grunts at the three giving a wave while watching their every  movement down to the point, she got up on all fours and begins to approach being the feral she is.
with these weapons back into their holsters the bear moves her eyes back to the rabbit, she didn't like the fact the hair had its hands in their pockets. She grunts loudly at the two felines growls giving them a feral stink eye as they walked around her. She would dig her massive long claws into the ground and slowly follows behind the two but she kept a small distance to not provoke anything nasty. She would watch their hands and strike if one begin to pull their gun out again..
Drake walks in, earbuds in, heavy metal audibly blaring from them.
he looks over at Trevor, blatantly ignoring the idiot with the gun at the door.
he grins a bit.
he tapped his foot thoughtfully, thinking of all his adventures and what he had met.
Wriggles his large rump and proceeds to sit down, looking around for some excitement.
flicked an ear at the conversation, tilting his head and listening for now.
at the mention of Jasons name, his paws flared a soft blue, remembering the story of him being hunted as the gun vanished from the tigers hand and he growled.
Pulls earbuds out.
he quickly stomps after the tiger, his patience waning thinner by the moment as his paws only glow brighter in annoyance.
stepping into the bar, he looks around and sighs in relief, the glow in his paws fading as he yells out.
he sighs and waves them over* So... That wasn't the police... *he taps his foot in a bit of annoyance as his paws faintly shimmer.
tilted his head a bit, confused as to what excatly he wandered into.
he cocks his head and blinks* Oh right. I guess blue glowing paws are kinda scary... *turns his attention back to Jason.
menacing stares.
Axton sat around his fire in the woods with many tents set up in case his friends decided to show up, he wore cargo shorts, boxers and a tank top as he cooked marhmallows over the open flame.
Nods and wiggles rump.
goes to take a sip of highland cooler irl.
runs into the woods and strips Axton down and then runs away.
Sits at the barstool and asks for a drink.
Looks around and snorts, as he waits for his tall frothy beverage within the olden tavern. The seats are covered in fine upholstry, and accented with gold rims. He adjusts his large self atop the chair, and looks down the bar, searching for possible entertainment.
Shrugs and sips.
Looks and snorts, and continues drinking.
Sighs and twiddles his hooves, enjoying the atmosphere, snorting and sitting.
Looks suspiciously over at the newcomers, watching in a peculiarly confused fashion.
Waves and nods.
woofie waves hi to trevor.
pads downstairs rubbing his eyes.
waves to Trevor as he pads to the bar putting his head down.
the cuntboi giggles and nods* I just need coffee and aspirin *had way too much to drink last night.
he takes the aspirin and sips at the coffee. He wags his tail as he looks around to see all the new faces. He yelps as he realizes he still forgot to get dressed. He puts his head back on the counter.
he looks up at trevor smiling.
he looks at fade wagging his tail.
hugs fade and giggles.
He bites his lower lip blushing.
he blushes deeply as he kisses back .
Blushes and pulls away giggling as he lays his head back on the counter rubbing his head.
woofie pulls out a chair and invites cody to his table, Blitz and Fade are sitting at the bar.
He wags his tail and giggles lightly.
he lays his head down wagging his tail.
woofie welcomes everyone to his table! Maybe they can play a game.
flops into a chair.
woofie knows fade is feeling sexy, so he will give him a sexy one.
woofie pushes his clothes aside, they stink! (lol).
smiles'n shrugs.
woofie blushes, watching cody undress in front of them, quite impressed by his sheath and tush.
whistles approvingly!.
woofie gasps.
woofie jolts when fade touches his pants, then he relaxes and murrrrrrrs as your paw gently massages his crotch.
wags his tail.
woofie kicks out a chair for blitz.
watches silently on couch still.
woofie chuckles a little bit, seeing how uncomfortable this makes cody. "it's ok I wont do it if you're not into it, but send me a message if you are" woofie uses his leg to paw at dakoda's crotch under the table.
woofie raises an eyebrow, supprised at the response. he gets up out of his chair and walks around the table to meet cody face to face.
smirks and watches the two, plopping down on a couch to watch.
woofie pulls back your chair with you still in it and wraps a leg over your body, strattling your legs.
cheers on the action! He's just a bit idle while he works on homework.
smiled a bit, leaning against the pet a bit.
scratching behind your ear.
leans more against the pettings, watching the other two.
woofie grinds into your leg, and uses a paw to stroke and play with your sheath, getting you harder, enjoying the nuzzles.
looking at the same sights as you.
smiling* yea.....you've got a point *slides my hand onto your back.
stretches out and relaxes.
woofie kisses dakota back, gently rubbing his tip smearing the pre around.
blushing while turning my dome to you.
woofie scooches up and lifts his rump, slowly lowering himself onto the wolfs cock. he moans as he feels it push away at his tailhole.
woofie closes his eyes and starts to bounce on your dick, his own member bobing up and down as the cock repeadly penetrates him.
woofie rests back, allowing dakota to jerk his cock while trusting his hips into your lap.
woofie's cock pulses, ready to eject it's seed.
woofie moans and lets loose all over the two sitting there.
woofie kisses dakota back, enjoying the treatment.
opens mouth while catching a few loose strands on my toungue.
waves his law.
smirking from the shadows.
throws a sand paper sheet to blitz.
he blushes and stands up. He wags his tail as he walks up to Dakota. He climbs up into his lap only to grind his pussy lips against Dakota's muzzle.
he gasps and blushes deeply as he feels your tongue. He quickly gets down and sits on the floor.
glanced up, stretching.
wags his tail.
pause da bit, thinking on that one before smirking.
smiling while watching happily, brig aroused from his show.
feeling I meant.
smiling while blushing in spite of myself.
hugging banana.
purring a little while rubbing my shiny dome against yours.
cuddling close while licking your cheek.
pads over to the bar. He bends over the bar trying to reach a bottle of soda.
perks up again, continuing to pass out on the sofa and seeing Blitz, tilting his head.
eepsed a bit, not expecting that and blinks.
chuckles a bit.
he leans back and starts biting at the bottle cap.
raises an eyebrow.
shakes his head and keeps trying.
merely watches for now.
whimpers and holds out the bottle to Kinen.
chuckled a bit, perking his head up* HHmmm? Oh sorry *taking the bottle and giving it a hard grip before twisting and hanging it back.
walks out and stretches, letting out a long mrowl.
yawned a bit, waving.
paused a bit, chuckling and blushing.
chuckled a bit, stretching.
shrugged a bit, smiling a little as he yawned.
laughed a bit, smiling* If they ish to speak to me in private or snuggle up. I don't mind, i enjoy the qui- *pausing, seeing the entrance.
the young canine lays on a pillow with his legs spread.
sighed a bit, shaking his head before looking at Vesper* you okaay there...? *glancing at Blitz.
shook his head* seems like a waste of a guitar... * not moving VEsper, mostly laying there still.
he rolls over whining* it sucks being in heat *he bites his lower lip.
the demon pup rolls his eyes.
glanced over at Vesper, chuckling.
chuckled a bit, slowly sitting up as he stretched.
slowly stood up, stretching a bit and glancing over.
gets up and pads up to banana grabbing him by his balls* wrong kind of heat * he lets go and pads back to his pillow.
shook his head before seeing Blitz responce to Raptor, chuckling slightly and then looking at Vesp, nodding.
rolls his eyes.
slowly nodded, smirking a tad before beginning to slowly lead Vesper to his room.
the cuntboi giggles.
sighs and whines* no you made fun of it. *he curls up with a sigh.
He growls and throws the ice pack at your head.
hides behind.
pounces and hugs.
Snuggles tight.
the young canine slips behind the bar and gropes silver before trying to run and hide.
slowly wandered down, yawning a bit and waving, adjusting himself a bit.
wags his tail.
wags his tail as he pads up to silver.
Giggles and runs to shower and wash up for breakfast.
Pads out of the shower wagging his tail as he dries his head fur.
Wags his tail as he pads up looking over fenrir.
he looks at the earring wagging his tail.
wags his tail as he waits for everyone else to eat first.
walks down the stairs, tail twirling behind him as he whistles and he waves to everyone around* We live in a bar and you think theres still a 'too early' for drinking? *he laughs gently.
Sneaks up getting a plate of food and runs off to hide as he eats.
she had passed out on a beam bag last night after a few too many drinks, she slowly lifts her head up blinking her eyes open and yawning. She slowly makes her way to the bar and asks for some water..
he chuckles and looks over at Milo with a smile as he sits on the bar.
he smiles over at Booker.
raises an eye a bit* Uhm... You'd give a patron a brush that was sitting next to so many dildo's?... *coughs awkwardly and chuckles.
she thanks the wolf and starts lapping the water out of the jug with her tongue. She huffs again looking over to avrus and she smiles a small amount. Having some water in her system would help her mood. "Well I need a good brushing and I'm a feral so I don't have hands.
he laughs softly and looks over at Silver, giving a wary eye.
she wasn't paying much attention to anyone at the moment having been lapping water from the jug silver got her, her fur was mated with a few honey stains and a few white looking stains. She looked tired but other then that her face should a nice calm massive feral. She wraps her forepaws around the jug to lift it up allowing her to drink it faster, her thick black claws wrap around the plastic helping her hold the jug..
he smiles and thanks Silver for the brush, even as his paws glow and a soft blue flares over the brush before dissipating, sanitizing it before he looks over at Booker, reaching forward as he starts slowly brushing the fur down, untangling it as he looks at Fenrir.
being a normal feral the second the brush begins to press through her fur she huffs, she looks back at he one brushing her with a silly feral look, it said she wanted more. Her ft was thick, it had a soft feeling to it if he ever laid his paws on it. Her fur combs through the brush with ease with some fur coming off and getting stuck in the brush. She lifts her head up high rumbling heavily in a slow deep purring sound. She murrs out letting out soft loans at times as this was a good feeling for a feral..
he smiles wide as he sees Xyph, tail wagging as gives the bear a brush down* Good morning Xyph. Looking quite well put together as always. Wanna come give me a hug? *he chuckles softly.
to keep the attention of the one who was brushing her she nips him, not a hard hip not even using her teeth. She grabs a small amount of fluffy fur with her lips and pulls trying to bring him closer to her and keep his attention on giving the bear a nice morning groom..
he laughs as he looks to the bear, still brushing her fur gently as he moves to her left side* As much as you like grooming, keep in mind I still owe other people things as well~ *grins and turns to Xyph.
she grins wide looking at the male, she lifts up her massive right forepaw and wraps her right foreleg around his body. She uses the large paw to ring him right up to her left side in a very firm soft fuzzy ear hug. She nips him with her lips more being a very stubborn bear.
his paws glow softly as they phase through the bear, pulling Xyph into a quick hug and giving him a nip on the ear* You slept all day yesterday, try not to worry me like that silly. *he laughs, even as the hint of worry in his voice is still present before he steps out from the bears grasp, the glow fading and his presence solidifying again as he takes up the brush once again, running it down the bears belly as he looks up at Booker.
the feral watches his paws glow and phase right through her, she grunts a small mount watching this and sniffing close to the paws that were phasing through her massive body. The bear watches him move out of her grasp and she huffs at him, if he didn't start brushing down her stomach she would of had something to say. She flops down into her back showing more and more of her long tubby fluffy belly and she huffs again at him. "Your talking to a feral here so don't accept the cleanest thing thing in the world, if I was clean would I be wanting you to brush me so bad?" She smiles and grins along her thick black lips..
he rolls his eyes and looks back at Xyph* He likes to be brushed as well. *snickers softly so himself before smiling up at Flare* Hello Flare, how are you doing today? *his paws stroke the brush down the bears belly slowly, making sure to get every inch of the thick fur.
he laughs before grinning wide* Fall a thousand feet from the sky, live somehow, and then tell me about pain. Though granted, it didn't hurt. *he shrugged with a soft grin as he moves to groom the bears paws as well, looking up at Flare.
he looks up at the proceedings, blinking in confusion and sighing softly.
waves his tail with a grin* No problem, glad I could help~ *he says sarcastically, laughing to himself gently.
he rolls across the floor, still listening into the conversation before nipping Xyph's tail softly.
pulls you down onto the floor with him, rolling around with you as he laughs.
he grins as he looks up at Silver, tail waving with Xyph in mind.
pouts a bit before grinning wide as he starts tickling Xyph with an evil smile.
starts doing the dance of her people.
wags his tail and laughs with you before rolling you onto a bean bag and plopping onto you.
he waves at Trevor, Xyph and himself on a bean bag.
the massive over energetic bear barges back into the bar and starts rubbing around tables, she begins knocking over chairs as she had way too much coffee for one bear to handle.
seeing no one is stopping her she runs behind the bad and begins drinking the honey tasting drinks right from the jugs.
laughs and wags his tail.
the wolfcoon snores loudly on the sofa.
is now a suave gentleman of a sleeping wolfcoon.
Drake walks in looking very bored.
Waves at Trevor before sitting at the bar.
steps into the pool room, giving a loud whistle.
he looks over at Silver and grins* Damn big in here, very nicely done. Lots of room to mess around. *he rolls his shoulders and purrs happily.
he laughs softly as he eyes the pool warily.
he giggles at the young fur, smiling afterwards.
he grins at Milo, thinking to himself about some silly thing he had once heard* Lo'real? *he giggles madly, tail wagging as he remembers a joke from another place, unsure where it was from.
he smiles at Milo, sitting back against the wall as his tail waves.
he laughs softly as he looks down at his slightly unkept fur, too much traveling having made him not care enough about grooming it* I doubt so, I'm not as much dashing as I am charming I'd like to believe. *he flashes a smile.
Drake goes to take a drink out of his mug buy realizes its empty, looking very disappointed, he puts the mug down and sighs..
Drake takes off his jacket and jumps into the pool, staying under for awhile before coming back up looking very happy.
Not really paying attention to Milo and Trevor, Drake swims around the pool surprisingly fast, .
he gives a soft chuckle and shakes his head at Trevor* Im not very masculine either. Maybe half muscle half fluff. *he giggles.
woofie likes feminine males o.o.
woofie pats his lap and invites trevor over.
he stands up, ears perking as he winks at everyone* Be right back. My cuddle friend seems to have awakened. *he steps out of the pool area and back into the bar, before giving a loud playful roar as he tackles Xyph onto a couch and tickles him.
he laughs before picking you up and carrying you into the pool room.
Getting out if the pool, takes off shirt as it is dripping wet and sticking to him.
Blushes slightly and going to sit down.
yawns as he wanders down, lookinf arouns as he stretched.
Now changed into swimming trunks, Drake gets ready to jump into the pool again, tail wagging excitedly behind him..
groaned and sat up, rubbing his head as he looked around after passing out on the sofa.
he walks over to the hot springs from the pool, yawning a bit as he slips into the warm water and purrs.
laughs softly and pats the water.
Slides into the water.
sits with a blank stare.
Gets out of the water* Not to mention boring, *Drying off with a towel.
laughs softly as he wags in the water.
nodding and looking at you.
Stands there drying off wearing only swimming trunks.
springs off couch and in front of drake.
Tail wagging.
pointing at ocean.
nodding excitedly.
Starts running towards the ocean.
sprints on all fours to the bay.
Waits for you at the beach.
jump diving into the warm water.
Jumps in swimming surprisingly fast.
swimming in a fashion similar to dolphins, gaining speed behind you.
comes down stairs wagging his tail. He rubs his eyes as he looks around to see who all is home.
he picks Xyph up, waving at Blitz with his tail as he carries the sleepy cat upstairs, chuckling gently to himself as he enters their room.
pads into the spa and slimbs into the hot tub groaning.
slowly wandered into the room, looking around a bit before trying to find a map of the bar, hmming a bit.
woofie waves hi to kinen, happy to see another husky.
glanced over at woofie, seeing the gesture before waving back&.
woofie nods, the pool is right outside he thinks. might be a nice night to skiny dip.
nodded a bit more, raising his phone and taking a picture of the map.
woofie points to the front door, on the other side of the bar/kitchen, and the back yard, which has a fence door next to the pool.
paused at the question, thinking before glancing over.
woofie nods, it is quiet around here.
woofie approaches the pool also, stripping himself of any remaining clothes, and hops into the water.
woofie splashes water at hinadi playfully, treading water.
woofie continues to tread the water, looking around wondering where hindai went.
the cuntboi walks around bored.
walks into the room and hops onto a couch, yawning as he lays lazily.
pads around looking for someone to pounce on.
is pouncable.
Pounces giggling.
watches the other two.
Tail wagging.
waves toward drake, laying on his belly.
Waves at the Rabbit.
raises his ears as his voice is muffled.
Tail still wagging.
yawns loudly as he walks downstairs, tail waving slowly and rubbing sleep from his eyes.
nodnods and gets up, rubbing his eyes and heading over for coffee.
Waving, takes a drink of my coffee.
he chuckles as he sits at the bar, waving at you.
sips on his coffee and yawns, sitting back on the couch.
ponders to himself.
bounces around, bored.
woofie stirs awake on the couch, stretching his hind paws and letting out a wide doggy yawn. The wolf rubs his head, groggy from last night. He approches the bar and pours himself a large glass of water, joining jason on the next stool. "hey buddy" he mutters taking a large sip from his glass.
woofie looks at jasons arm, scratches his chin, and asks the fox what happened to it.
walks out of the kitchen, carrying a plate filled with croissants, rolls, and crackers, setting it down on the bar counter before he fetches another plate of cheese and meat, tail wagging.
leans over and grabs one of the rolls poping it into my mouth swaying my tail.
Klaus stared at Flare as went through her bag, eating another roll.
he flashes a grin* Frozen grapes can make really powerful weapons if charged with enough electromagnetic waves I'll have you know~ *he looks over at Flare, giving a wave.
He shrugged and leant back in the bar with a casual yawn.
he smiles at the newcomer, his tail swishing behind him as his azure paw waves at her.
Smiles a Fenrir.
this is not fenrir. This is new character.
Apologies, I did realize that.
Walks outside sipping something out of his thermos.
He says teasingly* I remember I visited a world once where there these people in boxes, and they all fought in the most ridiculous clothing... *he wags his tail at his fond memories.
Lays out in the sun, staring up at the sky.
he flashes a grin at her and chuckles.
he gives you a soft smile, tail waving at Trevor* Fair enough, she did get you quite riled up. *he waves at the wolf dressed in black.
he leans over the counter, grinning a bit myself still* Lost things are always found I've come to realize. Ah well, I may be an exception to that! *he grabs a glass, starting to mix a drink together as his tail wags.
Gives a comforting smile.
he slides down a Highland Cooler, smiling warmly.
nods a bit* So... you still haven't given a name, description or anything really. Seems kind of suspicious lady. *he turns his muzzle up, eyeing you.
chuckles softly* That is... hardly enough to go off of. I could have a black katana if I really wanted one. *crosses his arms and taps his foot.
his eyes narrow a bit as he walks around the bar counter, before he grabs her wrist, his paws glowing softly before he starts dragging her towards the gym, his grip far stronger than the tolf should have been able to manage, looking back at Trevor.
he waves a paw, not giving an answer as he stalks off to the gym to talk to the new girl in private.
Reads the menu but having a hard time deciding closes his eyes and points to something randomly on the page, .
Starts to drink the glass of water.
Finishes the water.
Returns the smirk.
he laughs softly as he walks to the bar, calling back to the two* Don't become rivals now. *he starts looking for Silver, tail nervously waving.
Perks head up wondering what happened.
he chuckles as he walks over to Fenrir, pulling him onto a chair and smiling, before it turns into an evil grin.
he nods, tapping his chin softly.
he laughs loudly and grins.
he smiles * Yeah that's it. And she's over there having her paw kissed by Trevor. *he shoots Trevor a grin.
his grin only grows wider as his tail waves behind him.
Turning around to watch the banter.
he smiles sadly at Fen, sighing softly as he shakes his head a bit and shrugs, muttering to himself.
getting up, he heads up stairs, coming back downstairs with a blanket and pillow, throwing them to Fenrir* Keep it. You're staying here tonight, or until she wakes up. If you argue with me, then I will actually fight you. *he flashes a grin.
he cocks his head at you, tail drooping a bit.
waves his paw at Drake.
he nods, tail flicking back and fourth.
grins sheepishly at Silver and and nods.
he laughs softly, making a mental note that if he ever does pick a fight with someone to stay out of the gym in hopes of not ruining it, before turning to Fenrir* So can I meet them all? *his paws glow azure once more as his tail wags quick, imagining what they all could be.
he coughs softly as his tail wags.
he laughs as his head shakes softly.
sits down while sleeping.
rolls into the chat accidentally.
whips my head to look at Trevor.
Sits at the bar.
Klaus perks an ear poping up from behind the bar with a bottle of vodka in his arms, scanning his eyes around the room.
drops violently onto the bar counter from the ceiling.
The Wolfcoon yelps startled nearly dropping the bottle as he juggles it finding the grip again and setting it down carefully on the bar.
slithering to the side of you while wrapping my tail around your waist.
He blushes and squeaks having Xenas tail wrap around his waist.
Klaus opens the bottle of vodka carefully pouring it into the Xenomorphs glass. Bringing the bottle back he also pours himself a glass and mixes some Sprite into it.
he takes his glass and brings it up to his lips, taking a sip of his drink.
waves at you childishly.
The Wolfcoon giggled shyly* heh I'm not much of a drinker really. Just on occasion *Klaus turns and grabs a bottle of highland scotch, pouring it into a glass of ice* heh I'm not a bartender but here ya go *he slides the drink and bottle over to Zhwazi.
giving the wolfcoon a pat on the back and a nod of reasurrance.
Klaus takes a larger sip of his drink, the Sprite mixture easing the taste for him.
gulping down the glass while hissing playfully at Klaus.
He nods and finishes off his drink rather quickly, setting down the empty glass on the counter.
brushing off my hands of dry wall dust, looking to you with curiousity.
Klaus looks at Xena curiously.
slithering away silently.
giggling while creeping away to the balcony.
Klaus raises an eyebrow watching the xenomorph.
nodding while clumsily bumping into a table.
Klaus grabs another drink and takes it with him to the balcony watching the xenomorph curiously.
sliding away into the shadowed area of the balcony, watching silently from a place unknown.
Klaus sips at his drink leaning in the balcony looking at the shadows.
slipping up behind you with taip blade to your neck.
He smiles at Xena and giggles.
sliding my tail off your soft neck.
sliding my tail voraciously over klauses neck, splattering blood all over.
Reappears as Eva, basically the female version of Klaus.
Eva makes her way over to the bar and slides up onto the counter. Sitting comfortably she crosses her legs and pours herself a glass of vodka from the open bottle.
She smiles at Zwazi setting her drink down briefly* heh I'm afraid not. I'm Eva *Her accent was a fairly thick sounding very Germanic in tone. She tugged at the collar of her white tank top a little and smirked again at the dolphin.
slowly wanders down into the bar, actually dressed up more thne usual, white button up shirt, nice black dress pants, tie loosely around his collar.
Eva and giggles a little trying to pronounce the Dolphins name unsuccessfully.
The Wolfcoon waves to other two, smiling at the husky.
She smiles taking a sip of her vodka and giggling again* it's good to change it up a bit~ The Russians do love their raw alcohol heheh get you drunker than a skunk pretty quick *Eva pulls at her shirt collar again and keeps her legs crossed in her tight dark blue jeans..
Eva laughs and smirks at Trevor finishing off her drink* hehe I didn't pack any before I left sadly heh and I'm never the first to get undressed. *she sways her tail carefully on the bar as to not spill anything.
She smiles looking curiously at the drink.
Eva picks up the shot looking over it curiously and shrugs. She puts the glass to her lips and knocks back the shot with a smirk, setting the empty glass back down on the counter.
Evas ears perked a little at the idea of a nice refreshing swim, feeling like she might die of a heat stroke from the weather having been outside all day.
Eva shyly rubs her arm staring at the pool.
Eva giggles at the Dolphins comment and smirks, getting up from the bar.
Eva smiles and nods making her way over to the pool. She rolls up her pants legs sitting down on the edge of the pool and dipping her legs into the water. Her face seeming relieved as the cool water runs over his legs.
Eva giggles looking at the dolphin swaying her tail behind her.
Eva laughs and smiles kicking through the water slowly.
She smirks and gets up for a moment, emptying her pockets onto the table and swaying her tail from side to side. Eva huffs audibly annoyed from the heat and pulls off her white tank top. Revealing to have nothing beneath but her bare breasts as she throws the shirt onto the table..
Eva laughs and smiles at Trevor she tucks her thumbs into her waistline* hehe try not to have a nosebleed in the pool~ *She pushes down her pants and panties kicking them aside and walking back over to the pool. Gently the Wolfcoon lowers her naked and relaxed body into the water with an audible sigh of relief..
swims over to Fade taking his arm and pulling him over to the shallow end with Zi.
Eva smiles and leans on the side of the ledge in the pool.
watching silently from the bar windows, waving to all.
She smiles and takes a drink for herself opening it up and sipping at it.
Eva smiles and sticks out her tongue blushing* hehe you have very poor sight for pools Fade~ *She giggles and returns the bottle to her lips.
Eva laughs a little swaying her tail beneath the water.
stares at fades floating drinking as she sips at her own, setting the now empty bottle down on the side of the pool.
Eva gasps loudly feeling Fades tongue lick over her folds, her immediate reaction bringing her knee forward and smacking Fade away with it* o-oh my. *Her face was red with blush.
Eva giggles a little rubbing her hair before reaching for another drink, poping it open and taking a long sip from it.
Eva rolled her eyes a bit and finished off another bottle already, setting down the second empty bottle next to the first quite content with herself.
She looked over to Trevor and giggled leaning back again* hehe ya I'm j-*hic.
Eva laughed swaying her tail.
She smiled and clumsily hugged Trevor.
The Wolfcoon smiles and pushes herself up and out of the pool from the wall, standing up and gathering her things carefully trying to keep them dry* now would be good I think hehe it's getting late. Do you have a towe-oh! Hehe thank you fade~ *She smiles and takes one wrapping it around her body.
She giggles wrapping one arm around Trevor and holding onto her clothes and belongings with the other.
Eva waves briefly at the dragon as well so not to be rude.
Eva eeps a little being picked up by Trevor and giggles.
Eva giggled and smiled.
she waves to the rest of them.
 Walks in lookin bit supprised, to see a pool in here today..
 Walk around looking for the hot tub instead. After a minut of walking around the pool i find one and look around before stripping and slipping in to the warm water..
 I purr and relax in to the water..
slowly wanders around before seeinf another person, tilting his head.
 smiles up at you..
glanced around a bit* just you? How strange... *stating simple before crouching down, nice white shirt matching his dress pants.
still smils relaxing in the hot tub..
 lifts my paw out of the water in offer of a shake..
gently took the paw, giving it a firm shake before sitting on the edge of the pool.
 smiles, and shakes..
 grin getting up out of the water. I grab my towel and dry my naked self off..
watched, barely noticing the nudity and turning a soft shade of red briedly, before atanding.
 I say, slip my pants on..
shook his head.
 i blush a little and grin..
stretched a tad.
 i say making my way out of the pool aria and in to the large lobby aira. I press the button for the elivator. it dings and the door opens. I step inside.
smiled a bit as he followed, watching the lights go up as they traveled up.
 The elivator dings and we end up on the top floor. The doors open and i walk out in to the hall. We end up down to door 7002. I unlock the door and walk inside. The room is beautiful, elagant, with a large bed, couch and T.V. There is a full kitchen and refrigoarter with a fully stocked liquer cabnet..
looking around at the room, stretching before moving to sit down, sighing* guess we all get our own skills, eh? .
 I move over to the bar grabbing my self a beer and poping the top..
 Giggles a bit..
shook his head a bit, chuckling* Now now... I suppose in a way you are, yes... but im hardly a catch. I'm fine for drinks though *leaning back.
 I come back to the sofa with beer and plop down next to you flipping on the T.v The volume is low and i look over to you..
glanced over, a smirk showing.
 I look away for a moment not wanting you to see the glimmer of shame in my eyes. .
glanced over.
 My ears fold back and i take a long swig of my beer, judging from the deep circles under my eyes, i spent most of my nights, alone and drunk..
frowned a bit, seeing the reaction before leaning back, closing his eyes and sighing.
 Blushes looking you over as you lay your head back and closed your eyes. I bite my lower lip..
 With out saying anything else i just kind of lean over and rest my head against your shoulder..
paused a bit, smiling and gently scooting closer to let you relax.
 You can hear me start purring as you scoot closer to me. I slip my paw atound the small of your back and nuzzle close..
 My other paw comes around and rests on your belly..
smiles a bit, mostly leaning back while stretching, a yawn escapping.
 I smile and rub your belly..
chuckled a tad, eyeing you.
 Slipps my paw up your white shirt and runs my paw through your chest fur, tugging it softly and doing it again. I nod my head against you..
lays back a bit, resting my eyes and stretching.
 I take my paw and lift your shirt. I press my muzzle against your chest and take one of your nipples in to my muzzle. I give it a lick, and then suck on it softly..
paused a bit and blushed, looking down and chuckling.
 Not hearing a "stop" command, I keep going, Purring very loudly, your musk powerful and arousing to me..
squirms a bit and snickers a tad.
 I put that paw on your leg and slowly slip it up to the crotch of your pants and give a little rub and a squeeze a little. I push my muzzle up in to your neck purring and murring.* Could it just be that you were wrong and sexy as hell and not known it ? * I giggle a little and if you could see my face you could see that i had that drunk look people get when turned on by someone..
let out a bit of a shiver, wagging more and squirming* ahh.... I guess, i jsut don't see what others see? Really im calm and relaxed, i hardly ever ya know... interact much myself... I suppose maybe i just sorta..unno, interest people without knowing? *gently rubbing along your head.
paused, looknig at the time and frowning as he slowly stood* Forgive me... it's growing late, and i need rest... but, here *holding out a piece of paper.
 Blushes softly tking the paper with your number on it..
nodded a bit, giving a soft bow, before heading to his own room, beginning to question what people say that he didn't.
 Number in hand, i had wondered if i had moved to quickly for the other male. I sigh and et my self alother drink..
Eva yawns making her way down the stairs wearing her tank top and a pair of shorts. Bringing a cup of tea in her paws, she sits down on the sofa and sips quietly at her warm drink trying to wake herself up a bit.
Eva waves to Trevor from the sofa with a smile.
she yawns and stretches a little, rubbing her face sleepily.
She giggles and sips her warm tea again, stretching her eyes open.
She crosses her legs and yawns again, finishing off her tea seeming to have done little for her.
Setting down on her cup and flipping over on the sofa.
Eva nods and closes her eyes yawning again and stretching out on the sofa.
The Wolfcoon yawns and wakes up stretched out on the sofa. Sitting up she rubs her head and looks around the room curiously surprised she got any sleep on the sofa.
Noticing she's alone, Eva gets up and makes her way behind the bar. Leaning down and sorting through the non-alcoholic beverages she grabs herself a can of Dr. Pepper and pops the tab. She returns to the sofa and crosses her legs contently as she sips at her drink.
Eva perks an ear hearing the wolf at the bar* heh I haven't seen Trevor since this morning *she calls over from the sofa.
woofie notices the time stamp and plasters a paw across his forehead. The wusky gets up and circles to stand behind the bar, getting his water but staying there incase anyone needs a drink later on.
peeking my head up at the noises.
walks over to give you a hug.
checking watch.
speaking to Trevor.
boops your nose.
points to top.
cue sad music.
cue sad music.
looks you over to see what you are.
sits down while playing a nose flute.
cue sad music.
wandered in, stretching and looking around slowly.
hops in quietly and yawns, heading over to the counter the little effeminate bun grabs a cup of tea. He was wearing his usual nightwear of green and white striped cloth panties and an oversized band t-shirt. The silent bun finally hopped over and sat in a loveseat.
walks in and waves shyly.
looks up expectantly.
shaking my head while pulling the book back* nay I say! *pulls it towards me.
nods to himself.
skimming through pages while  smiling wide.
turning the book to face the little gathering before Xena.
grinning wickedly while turning the page.
 the xeno spoke as hindai sparkled.
laughs at hindai.
feeling my smooth black dome.
chuckles to himself in his corner.
blinks at the blood and steps back.
waves at the newcomer carrying his large pile of porn heading in the opposite direction* careful there sir, they uh....they gettin a lil frisky if you catch my drift *snickers at the two ladies behind him..
flops back in with a large trashbag and a satisfied look on his face.
clenches bottom* i'll have a drink with you ma'am. *stammers softly walking up to the counter to sit next to the alien lady.
smiles and extends a paw to shake hands.
yelps and pulls away* o..ow....owwwoowowoww...too hard ma'am....jeez....note to self. dun piss off miss alien lady *whines softly hugging hand. looking down thankful there didn't seem to be any major damage done..
laughs ackwardly shaking his paw and then grabbing the vodka offering to pour the two of them a glass..
says while pouring a few shot glasses of the vodka, setting two for himself and two for his companion..
chugs his two shots* i'm sure you had very good reasons ma'am. and i won't pry into the matter. another shot? *says holding the glass up, though getting himself some water being somewhat of a lightweight..
does an al capone voice* we give you protection...you give yo ass, dicks, and cunnies to us. *says than chuckles a little bit..
says hiccing a little from the vodka.
The grey wolf simply watches the conversation go on from another seat, listening with great interest of the topic spoken of.
nods and smiles handing the whole bottle over* no more for me. last time i drank too much my dick ran away from me.....don't want that happening again. *laughs to himself.
walks in, sighing as his nice dress clothes were covered iin cave and frosting, pausing and looking around at who was around.
gave a wave to Fade, walking over to try and wipe off some of the cake and frosting covering his shirt and pants.
he whimpered a little .
falls forward snoring softly having literally passed out drunk.
snored and mumbles cutely.
 a black polished shoe steps through the doorway yet where is the rest if the body. A yellow being appears dressed formally as though he was about attend some gala. His shirt was fully pressed from his collar down to the cuffs, which each held a small Ruby. The color was a fine shade of scarlet red which was covered by his black vest and tie. His pants lined perfectly with his shoes and his hair slicked back. He looks over seeing a women in trouble was over calmly as tho he was just drifting like a cloud of mist rolling over the fields in the morning grass. He bends down lift her paw gently yo not damage the fragile flower. Placing a small white handkerchief, replying softly* "You may use mind" *giving a small smile.
he stands back up walking over to bar taking a seat saying nothing but only a simple nod for a drink.
falls off the stool onto. The floor still snoring.
drags a few feet further away from where the acidic liquid would drip just incase.
mumbles smiling.
he pat at your cheek with a paw in an attempt to wake you up.
grumbles and slurs, looking around.
Sobers up seeing naked and half naked guys walk in.
points under the counter.
looking underneath, seeing no sign of said book.
asks a little worriedly having seen the cloth and alcohol poured on it.
shaking my head while smiling.
yawns and rubs his eyes as he pads to the bar.
looks up having passed out again from the few shots of vodka earlier.
slamming my hand against his back agile caclking.
sits at the bar. His stomach growling.
wags his tail only to lower his ears.
he shrugs and wags his tail.
lowers his ears and shrugs.
wags his tail.
pads to the kitchen and starts washing the glasses.
wags his tail and shrugs as he sits at the bar having finished.
walked in after taking his shower, wearing his tank and shorts, glancing around slowly.
takes the gun and drinks it slowly. The pup is a true lightweight.
tilted his head* I don't think we have, no... *walked over and bowing a bit.
takes the paw, shakigng it gently, standing himself at around 6'1", before moving to sit down,stretching a bit.
smiled once more, closing his eyes and yawning befor elooking around, pausing.
pads over after having too many drinks and plops on a pillow.
nodded a bit, smiling once more as he leaned on the counter.
Let an ear perk, grinning.
chuckled softly.
gets up and steals xyph's cup and brings him a new one filled with iced tea.
he lowers his ears and pads off as he was just trying to help.
shook his head, sighing.
curls up at xyph's feet.
chuckled a tad, nodding at other.
the young canine wags his tail as he smiles.* welcome to the tavern...there is a bar, pool, spa and well...normally there is someone here to greet you *wags his tail.
meekly pokes her head in, cautiously stepping in and looking around..
waves and smiles.
tucks her hair out of her eyes as she steps in closer.
he chuckles softly.
he wags his tail.
pads into the kitchen to do the dishes before breakfast.
pads around the bar looking for something to do.
peeks in through the door.
opened the door only to flop into the room.
goes and fixes a cup of coffee.
I pad in wearing salmon ultra shorts and a matching salmon v neck, and sit down on the end of a couch* hi, y'all *I say in an effeminate, southern voice.
he somewhat curls up on the couch to take the least amount of space.
smiles softly.
Walks in, having never been in before the hybrid was wearing a simple white shirt and loose jeans. Curiously looking around, ears perked to attention.
purrs looking at Kenko.
the sleepy woof continued to remain curled up on the couch.
He manages to glimpse over at Benji, giving a small gentle  smile and a nonchalant wave.
waves back at Kenko, noticing he seems cool.
The hybrid replies, his handpaw firmly taking Fade's in a quick shake.
is wearing a long, white trench coat and Morpheus glasses.
I smile up at you, ears perked and tail wagging.
Grins as I sit up on the couch.
Nods shortly after hearing Able's order* Aye, I'll have a Scotch, on the rocks if you don't mind~ *He rolls out, one of his ears perking off to one side.
attempts to see if you want a cup of coffee.
I crack open my can of orange Fanta and drink from it. Putting my feetpaws on the coffee table and crossing my legs* thanks *I smile you tantalizingly.
Nods and smiles, appreciating the drink for a moment as he sips away at his whiskey. Taking a moment to look over Able before smiling to himself and staring down at his drink.
I look at you from the corner of my eye. Licking my lips as you go up my toes to my ears* thank you, Fade *I flex my meaty, dark green toes and smile at you.
Steals a few more glances at the vulpine sitting close by. Quickly sipping his drink a little more before downing it with a wolfish grin.
I turn my head and look at you, ears perked up high and teeth showing slightly as I smile playfully.* hi there, big wolf *I place a hand on your thigh and squeeze.
He smirks playfully, his large tail swishing back and forth whilst his white-furred cheeks got a bit red, feeling that handpaw on his thigh.
I smile up at you again and wriggle all 8 of my digitigrade toes simultaneously. Enjoying the attention I'm getting from two men at once.
sits in a reading chair across the room, double sipping coffee and observing patiently.
My own white splashed orange tail wags like a flame on the wind. I squeeze your thigh again. Watching your cheeks turn slightly red.
I squeeze Kenko's thigh again.
His viridian eyes look over towards the fox, giving a short nod accompanied with a sly grin. The hybrid kicking off his sneakers. Exposing his dark-furred footpaws.
chuckles while I watch them all.
I sway my hips as I walk to you, and I sit on your lap, leaning my head back into your shoulder as the wolf sits next to us* mhm yes. What nice footpaws you have, darling *I move my hand to the edge of your crotch and bounce in Fade.
murring as I enjoy watching you three.
His cheeks light up as that hand edges dangerously close to his crotch, the bulge a bit obvious despite the jeans he was wearing* H-Heh, thanks~ *He manages to stutter out, his eyes moving from the feminine fox and that hand near his crotch, his breathing getting noticeably heavier.
Without warning, I plunge my hand down your jeans and your underwear and grasp your sheathed cock. Smiling up at you innocently as I do so. I continue grinding into Fade, licking my lips as he chews on me.
His eyes snap wide from the sudden grasping of his sheathed tool. Ears flickering and before long, it was throbbing away in the vulpine's hand. His eyes met Able's, a very sleazy grin spreading across his features.
sits back on the couch as I place a Play Fur magazine on my face.
I trail a finger over your tip and murr loudly. A tent visible in my salmon bootie shorts. I slip off my salmon v neck to reveal my pierced nips, a platinum ring on each of them.
Huffs gently, the throbbing going on below his jeans distracting him from talking back as a thick coating of pre covered those digits* W-Well, surprised you aren't already working hard to earn your first load from me~ *He grins toothily, rolling his hips a little. His shaft filling out from his sheath, making quite the tent as he eyes the fox's naked top half.
murrs while I watch them all.
I lick my lips and pant loudly, slipping my hand out of your jeans and lick your pre* oh, I'll show you working hard *I stand up and strip to reveal my 8 inch red rocket and supple, tight cheeked ass.* warm yourself up, Faze dear. We're going to have a dp* I smile innocently and grip Faze's bulge, and I bend down in front of you, my cock dripping pre onto your footpaw, and tear off your jeans. Once I reach your massive length, I take it into my mouth and start bobbing. Squeezing your balls and curling my toes in pleasure as I lower my ears and suck.
He growls out lowly, watching the girly male suddenly strip down completely before snapping open his jeans* Hey now, wha- *He doesn't even manage to finish before the air is out of his lungs, only able to find Able's plump lips around his large, throbbing shaft. He grunts as the little foxy bobs their head, his large hand pressing to the back of that head.
I take myself off your cock after about 15 seconds, leaving you panting and wanting more. My whiskers and muzzle fur are matted with saliva and precum, and I climb on top of you. Lowering my ears and lifting my tail as I lower myself onto you. Moaning as I only take in your tip and hold your balls in my thick, warm pawpads. Squeezing them with my toes* you take the back, Fade *I wriggle my ass as I straddle Kenko.
Groans heavily as his heavy orbs are squeezed. Spurting a good few ropes of pre before bucking his hips. Slamming his fat, knotted tool deep into the fox's plump ass, claws taking across the vulpine's thick thighs* Fuck.....Nice and tight~ *He growls out, huffing and panting as Able sits on his length.
I say as I moan, your two lengths stuffed in my tight ass. I angle myself towards Kenko and start bucking back and forth. Riding your both at the same time. Your two cocks stretch my insides, and I curl my toes around Kenko's grapefruit sized balls. My own length spurting pre on our tummies* oh, you boys are big *I pant and lower my ears, arms wrapped around Kenko's neck and head on his chest as you both explore my velvety insides. Your knots bumping into my pucker.
His eyes snap shut, losing himself to the sensation of Able's ass squeezing greedily around the hybrid's shaft along with the friction of the others cock. He manages to smirk as he notices the little fox laying against him, not relenting however and continuing to hammer into that tight backside. His fat knot bumping up against that entrance over and over, barely keeping himself together before snarling and jamming himself upwards. Forcing his bitchbreaker of a knot into the girly male and groaning loudly as his heavy orbs tensed in those paws. Hot, thick seed messily splattering into those soft insides as they squeeze and milk him.
has multiple sonas of many species.
is wearing a purple and black, silk dress with golden accents and body paint designs.
woofie walks down the stairs and takes a seat at the bar, wondering if anyone is around to serve him or stike up a quick conversation.
finally awakens from his drunken stupor from last night. looking around confused before realizing somewhere in the night he'd lost his pants..
attends the bar, washing a cup.
pulls up a bottle of purified cloud water from under the bar and places it in front of Woofie.
woofie unscrewes the top and takes a long chug from the bottle, spilling a little down his furry chest.
says sauntering up to the bar smiling..
pulls out another bottle and hands it to Koda... she looks over the bar.
she slowly moves back from looking over the counter then she walks off.
shrugs and waves* thanks for the water though needed. that. *says smiling and downing the whole bottle before standing up and walking towards the door intending to go find some new pants, a shower, and preferably a comfortable bed..
the moment you finish your sentence he puts winter clothes in your lap.
he had just been standing by the door as he considered his options* You know what... work can wait, i can take a bit of a break for now, it does sound quite nice and refreshing, no drinks though. *he walked over to the bar to take a seat on one of the stools.
the feral cub curls up in the corner and purrs.
smiles and joins the two.
perks my ears a bit,  looking up at them.
tries to speak in Tesla's language of Mmhs.
the cub giggles a bit at him.
smiles at him.
giggles and pats Tesla's arm softly.
the cub purrs a bit, swishing his tail, blushing lightly.
smiles and pets Tesla softly.
blushes lightly, purring noisily into his lap.
head still resting in Benji's lap,  he smiles over at fade, purring noisily still.
the cub lifts his head up and sniffs the air, blushing lightly.
pads downstairs rubbing his eyes as he walks to the bar wagging his tail.
Eva pops up from behind the bar holding 5 bottles of wine in her arms, staring at Blitz.
he yelps and falls off his barstool as Eva startled him.
she smiles warmly at him.
the cub blushes lightly at his words, looking to both their laps, playfully sniffing curiously.
he gets up wagging his tail.
Setting down the bottles on the counter she awkwardly grabs a cup a pours herself a glass of wine.
Eva pours another glass of wine pushing it forward on the bar, picking up her own and taking a sip of it.
Eva raises an eyebrow and rubs her cheek with her paw laughing to herself.
She puts her finger to fades lips with a smile.
Eva whistles at Trevor, giggling to herself as drinks more of her wine.
Eva smiles and pours Trevor a glass of wine, pushing it over to him.
pounces on top of xy. Pinning his shoulders to the ground as I nuzzle his neck playfully. My rump raised and swaying softly as I give him a few teasing nips.
rolls his eyes as he sips his gin.
I giggle and slowly raise your head to face me, giving your lips a deep yet gentle kiss as I wink at you.
I grin a bit. My tongue sticking out after the kiss as I reach my paw down delicately sliding it into your pants so that I can fondle the plump bulge I find within.
I purr softly beneath you as I feel your gentle paw against my bulge, biting my lips as my eyes and hair glow softly, slowly rubbing your sides with my paws in return.
I smile back at you as my cyan length rests in front of you, hung and rather thick as I sit up a bit.
pads up to the bar wagging his tail.
Walks in and snorts.
Sits his rump down and proceeds to look around for anyone else.
Waves and oinks.
Sighs and wiggles his rotund backside, his curly tail swishing back and forth, waiting for excitement, or someone to snuggle with.
Blushes and nods, waddling over to snuggle with the two rather sticky animals.
the cuntboi walks around naked.
My large belly sloshes and jiggles as you sort of sink into it, like a bean bag chair, rather comfotably.
Chuckles and blushes moreso, becoming rather red than pink. I poke my large belly, creating a solid ripple in my fatty pink flesh. My curly tail whips to and fro in excitement, as I oink and snort happily. A slight bulge begins to develop in the front of my trousers, which seem to be slightly small for my porcine physique, made evident from the slight gap of ass that stuck out from the back..
the pup walks, confused by what's happening, seeing Blitz walk around naked makes him blush and cover his eyes slightly.
i wink at the pig.
Shrugs and smiles at the retriever* Whatever you would like. *I groan and snort as rumble pokes at my newly sported erection. I squirm a little in my spot, adjusting over my large backside.
i look over the pigs large rump.
slowly wanders in, quiet as he didnt want to disturb the others, sitting down.
I blush, oinking happily* Well... Us pigs can be a little... messy. We have a lot of storage space *Referencing his large porcine testicles, as the churn within his slightly small pants* He looks over at rex and nods, wriggling his bouncing little curly tail.
i jump over the pig and get behind him, seeing a lot of room in his pants and rump, I get in there and climb into the large crack while I hug his warm back, closing my eyes happily.
Shrugs and snorts, chuckling at rex.
i slowly start to feel myself slip down the Pigs rump into his crack, not really putting up a fuss or any struggle while I go down.
I squirm as my throbbing swine member stretches the front of my pants, making it a rather painful experience. I begin to unbutton my xxxl pants, releasing my erect cock. I stroke it slightly with my cloven hooves, as I lube it up with the residing cum..
A small amount of drool can be seen trickling from my large tusks. I squeal slightly as I begin to insert myself into your folds. Finely lubricated, my thick cock slides inwards, as I oink in ultimate pleasure and delight. As rex journeys within my backside, I become incredibly sensitive, being pleasured from both ends in order to fulfill my swine desires..
as I slip deeper, I find myself beside the pigs large donut hole once more. The pig feels my warm breath against his hole while I press my muzzle against it and start to lick it, smelling the musk inside his large ass crack.
i press my muzzle against the pigs hold, licking it gently and pressing my muzzle into him. My tongue now licking around the inside of his hole and around the walls of his ass. Moaning, I grab my pup cock and start to paw, loving the taste of the pigs ass.
i press deeper into the pigs hole, stimulating him more while I lick and smell the lustful stink of his rump, pawing more and more till I suddenly burst and the pig feels me cum against his rump and on the top of his balls.
hops into the room and yawns cup of tea in paw. The small effeminate bun was wearing a short pink nightgown decorated with a few frilly pink bows and matching panties.
waves a paw lazily in the direction of the little bun bun, almost as if he was flailing his paw.
smiles and finds a counter to lean on a little* howre you? .
if in need of service please ring the bell.
Wags his tail as he pads down stairs from his room.
slowly wandered downstairs, seeing the area have a few more people then usual, before making his way quietly over near them.
glanced at the bar, smiling at the server it seemed as he made his way over, sitting down.
stretched out as he watched the newcomers and other members talking a bit, eyeing a few slowly... Before looking away and yawning to wake up.
smiling to her, before beginning to slowly stir the cream and sugar into the tea, trying to wake up as he slowly began to drink.
glanced over at the others who walked in, flicking an ear and sipping his tea.
shrugged a bit a Terran.
The Wolfcoon turned with her prepared tea hearing the voice behind, leaning back against the rear counter.
pops up from behind a couch he'd been snoozing behind as if summoned by the very mention.
slowly finished hia single cup of tea, looking around ans stretching a  bit, mostly watching.
sips on his tea as he hears the green husky speak to himself, he walked over slowly and stood right next to him.
shrugs and lets out a light chuckle.
nods and sips on his tea looking out the window* it's better to cuddle on cold or rainy days .
nodded a bit, hardly noticing himself before looking back ands tretching.
Sleepily wanders in, the Folfoon looking slightly disheveled in his messy work shirt and slacks. Managing to drag himself onto the barstool with a low huff, his head down, hands on the worktop.
nods slowly and sips more on his tea examining the husky himself and studying his movement's.
flustered a little as his staring was caught* u-uhh nothing!... Yeah nothing *he says with a light chuckle rubbing the back of his head.
sits on a chair beside kinen, looking up at him more and crossing his legs.
shakes the paw and smiles.
shrugs and rubs his neck a little.
nods softly and puts his cup of tea on the wooden floor.
watches the husky quietly as he stretches, doing the same a little.
continues singing hello by lionel richie, obviously drunk again off his butt.
smiles at confused look..
cackles while feeling my head being crushed, splattering my juices everywhere.
blinks and backs away.
leaves quickly.
starts crawling slowly towards sozato, my corrosive blood dripping out of all pores* and what about you?.....care to join me in snuggles? *laughing hysterically as I whip my around violently.
The fur on her tail puffs up and she runs and jumps on top of the bar, grabbing onto it like a cat with her front claws.
propping myself up on both hands while thrusting my tail forwards.
slips as she tries to move and falls backwards.  Waving her arms frantically to try and catch herself only to land with a rather graceful 'whump' onto the floor behind the bar which knocks the wind out of her.
sliding across the tiled floor as I round the corner of the counter, watchingn you closely with my split open dome which is now leaking a profound amount of acid.
gasps and starts backing up, until she hits the back of the bar, unable to go further and unable to escape. Frantically looking around the points at a jar of cherries and lemon slices on the couter.
smiles and rubs his head.
stopping mid way as I lay down, helplessly flailing my tail around.
looks down and frowns.
gazes distrustfully at the 'dead' xeno* I've seen movies, it's a trap.  Get close and you're a goner *Sitting up straighter, she looks up at the top of the bar but still doesn't want to get up.
Rolls over suddenly before splitting open into a million pieces.
leaps up over the bar to get away.
points to the side chat, tapping his foot.
peeks in to check.
looks at ground then at Xena then at ground again then at his foot.
blinks confused.
slips my tail through his chest.
cue sad music.
pads downstairs rubbing his eyes.
shakes his head.
Wags his tail as he pads up to the bar wagging his tail.
hope the counter and hunts around for orange juice.
finally finds the orange juice and jumps back over the counter pouring himself a glass.
stumbles in looking for a seat letting our a soft groan* my bed didn't feel good...need snuggles and cuddles, any body wanna join? *The blue dragon asks flopping on the couch grabbing a large pillow to hold.
Goes back to hugging the pillow. Mewling softly trying not to disturb anyone, reaching up every now and then to rub his neck..
waves from the couch behind a large pillow.
takes a sip of orange juice waving at trevor.
says smiling a tiny bit and offering a blanket or pillow.
says lifting his wings to reveal the pillow in his claws along with the fact he was in some pajamas covered in little moustaches.
hic* wedding! It was a niiiice wedding, wish *hic* you were there.
has started snoring softly on the couch before waking himself back up* o....oh I'm so sorry ummmm I'm gonna try and go to bed. Was nice chatting with y'all for a bit.
says smiling before disappearing through the door.
HEY!! Why don't you two finish your buisness somewhere else.
hic* no fights, please, no fights, im just *hic.
just fyi i was not aware this was a sex dungeon.
Well shit can someone open the door for me.
 his ears perk.
HEY!! Before you make a mess why don't you help me leave.
pads upstairs dragging to bottle of oj as he slips off to the closet he has been sleeping in.
sneaks down while he thinks everyone is asleep and hunts for a few thinks in the kitchen. He puts them in the oven. After it finishes baking, he hunts for a candle and finally takes it all back to his closet.
yawns and emerges into the room, the badger scritching his tummy a lil as he wanders in, stark naked and showing himself to the world.
runs down stairs with frosting on his nose. He runs into the kitchen and gets a glass of milk only to run out and bump into the badger.
is, apparently caught off guard by the sudden bumping into, before grinning and shaking his head at the pup.
he jumps to his feet and cleans up his mess while on all fours.
he smirked and shook his big rump.
hides behind a couch.
sighs and stretches, and falls onto a couch, arching is back, nice nude badger is so zombiefied from being up all night with his foxy gal.
pleads up to the African wolf dog.
ducks and hides under the couch looking for a safe hiding spot.
Contemplates s the whole scenario.
looks around for rex so he can steal his cigar again.
says from under the couch. Which is lifted by his bulky adult dragon body.
he sneaks up to rex and steals his cigar and hides it.
glances at Rex and slowly tilts his head to one side, until it's resting on his shoulder, before snorting out.
the young canine falls over laughing as the pup has no property or anything to lose other than his backpack that was a gift from his parents when he was little. He smirks up at rex smirking softly.
he yelps and giggles as the water tingles as he is only a half demon.
He runs off and comes back holding his backpack. He dives inside of it only to come out with a small wooden box. He holds it out for rex wagging his tail.
he holds out the box and yips.
he whimpers as rex declines his gift.
he puts the gift away in his backpack.
pads around cleaning the bar and washes the dishes. He also heads to the pool and licks up used towels.
waves to everyone as he puts away the cleaning supplies.
takes a moment to wipe his eyes with a paw.
he Wags his tail as he pads over to a couch and lays down with his phone. The pups rump in the air.
he looks at Milo as he had already cleaned all the glasses and cleaned the counter. He shrugs and lays his head down.
the young canine pads up to the bar.
he lowers his ears.
He pads around the counter and hugs Milo.
he pads back around and sits down.
he Wags his tail as his stomach growls.
he Wags his tail.
Wags his tail.
he eats them quickly only to wag his tail. As he finishes he lays his head down with a sigh of happiness.
Wags his tail and giggles.
he Wags his tail.
he nods and looks around.
nods and smiles.
Wags his tail and smiles.
tilts his head.
Bryce groans and runs his fingers back through his headfur, the badger grunting and making his way back in from work, chuckling idley as he glances to the Gryph and then smirks.
he coughs as he heard that as he took a sip of orange juice.
smirks at the butter comment, and then slumps onto a seat.
Bryce looks up at Eva and offers her a wave, a sketch pad on his lap, his tablet on another knee...idley bending his riding crop between his fingers as he studies a catalogue of bondage gear.
is asleep at the bar.
woofie jumps at the commotion but sees its only his friend jace having a fun time* hey foxy! *woofie waves hi.
woofie gives jace a curious look.
woofie chears.
he wakes up and looks around blushing.
would post a sticker, but then Hindai would be up his ass in the not so fun way.
comes running in through the door before flopping on the ground like a fish out of water. after a bit goes quiet just laying there on the floor. a little bit longer he gets up like nothing happened and walks back towards the door and out. leaving more questions than answers..
comes back in smiling like nothing had happened waving to whoever's awake in the room.
says having been reading a novel for the past few hours but hearing people order drinks had made the moon dragon thirsty.
giggles and was just being silly* thank-you but I actually will just have a cool glad of Caribbean coconut rum over dr pepper please. And hi to you madam *he says recognizing the face but still not knowing names.
tips his head towards the fur behind the counter* thankyou kindly. *sips at it sighing happily at the cool creamy taste..
a black and white wolf walks in slowly, medium built and a little scruffy looking.
waves smiling softly* let me introduce myself. *puts my right paw behind my back bowing a little.
the blue dragon says lifting his head from the bar where he had been snoozing next to his bottle of coconut rum..
looks over at the dragon smiling.
cheers towards trevor* why go home....thish placesh is better than home....fuck home.....fuck here...i mean...really if joo wan...fuck right here. THEY did it *points at a mirror on the wall..
walks over to the bar slowly, tipping my hat.
looks a milo.
guffaws but stiffles it hiding his face in a glass of water.
looks at her smiling, looking over at milo..glancing at him.
hears terran* oh..well *walks away.
yells out raising his glass....before falling backwards off his stool laughing and hitting the ground looking up at the ceiling.* uh....who got spunk on the ceiling. *snickers looking at it..
looks at her mixing the drink* I'd expect nothing less from a bartender. *waits patiently..taking off my hat.
takes the glass and lifts it up* thank you ma,am. *takes a swig.
finally manages to get himself up before stumbling over to the couch next to the wall flopping himself on it and grinning happily, he'd only had a single glass of the coconut rum but was massively a lightweight..
looking about, clocks Jason looking at me and I blush and quickly looks away.
looks over at Jason starting to snicker.
blushes brightly.
looks over at milo.
looks at you closely* hmm..uhhmm..okay *takes another swig of my drink..getting up from the bar, walking over to a lazyboy..sitting in it softly..tipping my hat down past my eyes.
looks over at midnight..walking over to him and Jason.
blushes brightly so you can see the red shining through my white fur.
walks back over to the bar with my drink.
smiles looking at her.
looks over at the red hair fur with glasses and the sketch book, looks at mina.
takes one of Jasons shots, clinks glass with you and drinks with you.
nods and takes the drink from you gently* yes..I am *clears throat, putting back on my police hat, walking over to her slowly, sitting down beside Surrie.
makes a face cuz the shot is really strong.
He says, smiling.
sees a familiar face, stands up slowly putting my drink down.
giggles while slowly running a finger up and down your muscular arm.
I look over and see a familar face and eagerly walk over.
smiles wide pats your back firmly.
cheeky smirk as my tail slowly wags.
looks over at Trevor.
I let out a sigh and walk over with you* "Ah, work and stress for the most part." *he chuckles awkwardly.
lightly licks your to taste that shot you took.
walks Treble over to the bar leaving my hat over where Surrie.
I smile gently.
blushes a bit and softly kisses Jason.
my ears perk as I take the drink* "Why, thank you! So uh..." *Looks around the bar.
gently places a paw on you face, softly strokes your cheek while we kiss, my tail wagging happily.
I almost chok on my drink as I abruptly look up towards kaku* "I-I wasn't even thinking of such!" *I blush deeply.
Now annoyed, I turn back around to finish my conversation.
breaks out in a warm laughter.
I turn slightly and see a bird sitting across the room. I eagerly wave.
intertwines our tongues within the kiss, goes on my tip toes, wraps my arms round your neck, softly stroking the back of your head, feeling your strong muscular arms wrapping round my body.
I smile warmly as I take another sip* "Seems like everyone is rather....bursting with personality." *I chuckle.
smiles softly, holding a drink in my paws* I was told to give you this. *hands her the drink..smiling softly.
I continue to indulge in the conversation, my paws fiddling with the straw.
I hear a sigh from behind and I turn see a figure slouched on a couch.
I switch back and forth between conversations.
I jump at the sudden interjection* "Oh, well it's good to know he's progressing!" *I look over and smile at Trevor.
I clutch your ass tightly as I moan softly. I slowly break the kiss as I look at you..
watches from the corner of the room, too shy to interupt anything.
looks at her softly, gets flustered and smiles.
winks at you while smiling.
I turn my seat around, still partially facing trevor* "Nice to meet you Dakota! I'm treble, simple bear." *I chuckle.
goes back to Trevor.
sighs heavily* "Excuse me a moment guys. *I refer to Trevor and Dakota in that statement. I stand up and call the lone wolf in the corner over.
reaches out to grip her hand soft yet with a strong male firmness..shaking her hand* it's a pleasure to meet you..though I must say, you look too kind to be in a place like this, *lifts her paw up and kisses it.
kisses you back deeply, as your large paw takes my paw and guides me upstairs with Jason.
says holding his head and looking around with blurry vision.* uh....if i said anything....um...rude or...silly...i...appologize. i was a tad drunk from my drink...and...yeah sorry. *the dragon stammers ackwardly sitting up on the chair of the couch rubbing his horned head..
I look back over to Trevor.
looks at her chuckling.
I take a sip of my drink and I notice a new face out the corner of my eye. Naturally, I put my glass down and smile.
smiles* well I must be off..how about I give you my number and you can send me a text tomorrow night. *smiles at her the best smile I can.
I chuckle, looking around.
grabs a pen from my pocket, looking for a piece of paper..finding it from my little note book..writing down my name and number..handing it to you.
I smile and let out a paw.
I shake your paw and smile warmly* "Ah, I'm sure I'll notice you! But don't be too suprised if I get you involved in my shenanigans!" *I chuckle.
I look away for a sec and notice someone speaking to me.
the young canine pads down the stairs only to pad up to the bar laying his head down.
chuckles* that's good! I'm really glad. *gets up putting my hat back on* I will see you later perhaps. .
smiles* nice meeting you. *smiles and walks out.
waves at Xyphurus and walks out.
I smile and take one final sip of my drink.
I get up from my seat at the counter and approach you, chuckling.
I glance to the side and see Dakota leaving* "Ah, goodbye! It was nice meeting you." *I say as you dissapear.
I smile sheepishly.
I wave my paw at you.
I look up, curious to find out more about the face, so I wave politely to Xeno* "Ah, I'll be back a bit later. Excuse me a moment." *I walk up to Dakota's room.
I go up to your room, eager to find out more* "Hello-" *I notice you in nothing but boxers and I immediately become flustered, cutting off mid sentence in shock.
I blush and twiddle my fingers.
I nearly fall over in shock and my overwhelming explicit thoughts.
I sit down, processing what I've just heard.
cups an ear to the side of her dome, acting as if ears were a thing.
gets up and heads to the pool..
I blush as a smile slowly crosses my face* "O-oh, sure thing!" *I walk over shyly and sit down next to you..
I look over, my ears now perked up.
swims around in the pool.
comes out of the pool looking around as he dries his fur.
he pads to a couch and lays down wagging his tail as he watches the door.
slowly looks up at the ceiling.
he wags his tail.
resumes putting her head on the counter.
the wolf had just been flopped over on the couch, sleeping for the time being as he occasionally yawned.
the young pup pads over and flops down onto Stefan before curling up on him.
he squirmed for a moment at the sudden flopping on him, looking to see the pup and sighing before wrapping his paws around blitz to snuggle.
snuggles into Stefan as he lowers his ears.
squeezed the cutie gently and scratched behind his ears.
nuzzles into his paw .
he wiggled and fell back asleep while hugging the pup.
he snuggles into Stefan as his stomach growls but doesn't get up to eat.
the pup wakes up and climbs off of Stefan only to curl up on the floor.
comes into the bar wearing a black dress shirt with the sleeves rolled up and dark blue jeans..letting out a yawn..goes over to the bar and sits down at it.
he gets off of the floor and pads up to the bar sitting down* mister mi...*he lays his head on the counter.
thinks for a moment* well, what can you make? *looks over at blitz* hey pup. *pats his head as well.
the young canine is only wearing short shorts. He yelps as he is pat by a stranger only to jump off the stool shaking. The pup sees the police hat and gulps. He backs away slowly before running off to hide behind a couch.
ran away after Kaku pet him.
looks at blitz, then milo* hmm..I'm kinda hungry...do you have any deer? *grins.
the young canine run upstairs and comes back with a bundle wrapped in butcher paper. He pads up to kaku and holds it out.
looks at her with a sly smile* well dear, can I have.. *picks up a menu..reads a few things.
he lowers his ears as kaku ordered without taking his gift first to see what it was.
looks at blitz* I'm sorry pal. *gently holds out paw.
he holds out the bundle and wags his tail.
takes the bundle from his jaws..looks inside of it.
he wags his tail as you open it to reveal 8 pieces of deer bacon, a 1/2 of ground deer meat.
the pup walks off and lays down.
smiles licking my lips.
walks off before he heard the thank you.
comes down stairs wearing a baggy tshirt that covers that most of my body hiding the fact that I'm not wearing underwear.
smiles softly* thank you. *grabs the wrap and starts eating it slowly.
lets out a little yawn, as I go over to the bar counter to sit at.
finished my meal, looks over at midnight* how was the pumping last night? *grins.
has been snorting too much other stuff to have a working nose.
Stretches out on his pillow as he wags his tail.
He sneaks up to his room and comes back to with another bundle of butcher paper. He thinks no one is looking and sneaks into the kitchen cooking a venison steak. He sneaks back behind the couch and chews on his steak.
walks into the bar, going to the couch and sits down.
pulls out a book, reading it.
looks at Surrie, holding a paw up to say hi.
comes downstairs yawning.
gets up slowly, goes over to her and sits beside her.
a young, white fox walks in, about 18, wearing a bright green sweater and a pink scarf.
Sees Jason goes over and sits next to him.
giggles when Jason nuzzles me cuz it tickles.
chuckles* well don't matter, give me a short list. *looks at her.
rest my head against Jason.
Nods while stroking your chest.
looks up sees your little dragoness, goes to pet her.
softly strokes the little dragoness while still leaning against her owner.
smiles softly at you.
tickles Tali, leans close to Jason and licks his cheek.
Tali squeaks loudly as she giggles. Her mouth slowly smoking as she sneezes out fireballs.
quickly dodges.
smiles, nodding.
a blue glow begins emanating from above a nearby empty table, slowly growing larger and brighter every few seconds before suddenly the tolf just appears above the table, falling onto it and breaking it, though he's protected from the fall itself. He looks around in a bit of frightful confusion at his surroundings before giving a loud sigh of relief.
the pup pads down to the bar and sits down wagging his tail.
waves slowly* Hi... Kinda left suddenly, ended up somewhere. Was traveling. *he laughs quietly.
he stands up, stretching out a bit and shivering as he adjusts to the disorienting method of travel, looking down at the broken table* Oops... *walking over to where Xyph was sitting, he takes a seat nearby and his tail waves behind him.
tail wagging as he sniffs at it, happy to have the drink as he looks up at you.
he shot a glance over at Silver and shrugged.
chuckles to himself and mutters* I doubt that'd work for me... *he turns to Xyph, tail wagging as he smiles warmly.
waves him off, sighing gently.
lays his head back and rolls his eyes* As far as Fenrir can tell, it's not magic... And like I said, I didn't /mean/ to warp in here, it just happened. My apologies, and I will try my best to not do it in the future, but that honestly equates to nothing since I can't control it anyways. *he chuckles nervously as his tail waves awkwardly behind him.
turning his attention from the bartender, he glomps Xyph, starting to tickle him with an evil grin on his muzzle.
sit on the curb near streetlight and put backpack beside me then open it gently to find some water bottle from inside the bag.
not letting up on his 'attack' he continues tickling the smaller cat beneath him, tail curling as he looks over at Sozato* Interdimensional is wrong, and I take offense to that. But no, I haven't met anyone from that show... I don't particularly care for it myself. *he chuckles softly before settling down against Xyph, holding him.
he see bar across from here and his stomach growl little bit before he get on feet, "I am hungry" he talk to himself before he head to the bar, he hold backpack. He take deep breath before he enter.
he waves over at the newcomer, still holding Xyph as he giggles at the leopards panting.
he look at everyone quietly with smile.
looking at Kai he smiles tail waving* Silver can cook if you want anything, and he's an okay bartender~ *he giggles softly.
sit on the stool and put backpack on the floor next to me* "hmm I would like to have steak, if you have some, silver?" He asked. *look at Avrus.
one, two, three,.
he look at steak as sway tail.
take green tea bag and put it in tea cup.
he look back at lynx.
walk up the stair to look for empty room to live comfy.
look at trevor and xyphurus.
smiles waving at the newcomer as he himself had just walked in to the bar finding a vacant spot where he could recline and read his book he'd been working on for a few months..
sitting and reading.
lay on fresh bed and drop the backpack by door after put 800 dollars on silver's binder.
finishes reading and puts the book back in my bag.
sighing as I scratch my balls.
pads down stairs wagging his tail as he sits at the bar.
rest his eyes on bed quietly.
gets up and walks around.
walk out of his room then head to the bar.
sit on the chair as pull notebook to find info.
the cub rolls around and purrs.
the wolf could hear milo's saddened voice and he went up to them.
he tilted his head and hugged him to try to comfort him.
he held milo tight and gave him a squeeze.
lay on the bench by pool.
he snuk a glimps of milo's rear and smiled a little.
dun dunn* Don't need fame *dun!.
he nodded and smiled though he couldnt help but having his eyes stray down to view the nice looking rump of milo.
he started blushing after that kiss he was given, wagging his tail rapidly as he started to smile widely, hugging back and squeezing him tightly in the hug.
he happily followed milo and tried to prepare himself for whatever would  happen, he kept sneaking peeks at the plump rear every time milo's gaze was averted from him, finding him just almost too cute.
after a few moments of watching the nice looking rear as they had walked, when you stopped and laid down your stomach he did so too, mainly to hide the fact that blood had been rushing downwards.
he looked up to notice eva waving, lifting a paw to wave back.
read book quietly while lay on chair inswim boxers.
he said before sighing softly.
waves back at jackal.
he couldnt help but see the jackal's body bounce a little against the chair, now visibly starting to blush as his cheeks grew red through the fur, then averting his gaze to the pool.
he sighed and took a deep breath as his tail had started wagging again.
stepping into the pool area, he takes a look around giving a small yawn from his afternoon nap before waving to everyone.
The wolf was around roughly 5'9 feet tall or so, his grey fur covered his entire body except belly, throat, groin and rump were covered in white fur instead, he was quite thin but not lean either, muscles only slightly defined on his body as he wasnt that muscular, his tail was moderately long and extremely fluffy, his pawpads were black and his palms with a brighter shade then the rest of his fur, his eye gray blue-ish while the other resembling a bit on the yellowish/hazel colour.
very healthy.
smiling at the two, his tail waves behind him* Ill be in the hot springs if ya need to bother me. Have fun~ *turning around, his tail wags as he saunters off to a world of relaxation.
he opened his eyes fully as the jackal spoke to him, nodding and then smiling as his  tail began it's rapid wagging again, his tail brushing the chair and everything behind it clean.
he started blushing and took a few deep breaths before wiggling his way over to the jackal, then wrapping his arms around him and hugging tightly, giving gentle squeezes as he started massaging the jackal's back, his blush growing a little darker and the nice scent that lingered in the air.
his paws were still massaging the jackal's back but the weight of the two of them stopping more blood from getting in his paws.
he blushed as the jackal sat in his lap, his cheeks growing a shade of dark red as he hugged him tight,  after a few moments the warmth and softness made blood rush to his groin as the jackal could feel poking at his plump rear, the wolf trying to avert his gaze.
he could only let out a small "eeep" in reply, his fur was thick, soft and very warm due to having lived so far up north, though it proved a problem during warm days as it would get unbearable for him due to heat.
he made a sigh of relief as the cool air hit him and he looked into the room, but didnt walk in, at least not until you would had first, his tail swaying slowly on and about as he looked at the jackal then back into the room.
he pulled the jackal over into a very tight hug for a brief moment and then walking into the room.
his eyes widened a little and he smiled at the jackal, wagging his tail even faster as he took the robe carefully and went to the bathroom, around a minute later he walks back out wearing the very comfy robe.
waves as you step into the spring, shifting the water.
he walked over to the jackal and resisted his temptation to pounce due to not wanting to mess up any of the clothing, instead pulling him into a tiiiight hug and giving him a smooch on the nose.
he said as he finally let you free from the hug, but only really loosened it enough for you to walk out of it, giggling and nuzzling the jackal's cheek.
he gets on the bed but only at the foot of it to get under the covers, curling up and resting his head in his paws before giving the jackal's paw a pat.
he said as he crawled through the covers and his head stuck out next to the jackal's.
he reached a paw over to give milo a pat on the nose before curling back up into a ball of fluff.
joined in hot spring with avrus and feel relax.
his ear perked to your direction when you spoke in the different tone, looking up and smiling* of course we could! it would be very nice to cuddle a cutie like you ^w^ *he said in a smile as he wiggled over to the jackal, hugging him gently.
he wrapped his arms and legs carefully around milo and gently massaged his back, smiling as he nuzzled at the jackal's forehead.
smiles warmly as you dip into the warmth of the spring.
as he cuddled the jackal he felt a need to protect the little innocent cinnamon roll.
he nods back, leaning against the rocks as he purrs deeply.
after a few more minutes of cuddling the adorable jackal he closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep, gently pulling the jackal closer to him.
the wolf wiggled against the jackal and let the jackal's legs wrap around him, nuzzling into his shoulder a few times as he had started making little "yip" noises.
he ended up putting the robe over  his head while he slept because it smelled so nice, his tail attempting to wag but due to being wrapped around milo's tail made it harder to do.
he wiggled occasionally and let out a little, muffled "wuf"  as he had buried his face in your shoulder fluff, his tail curling closer around yours.
chuckles softly.
laughs to himself and smiles.
he rubs my back of neck.
he cocks his head.
he giggles softly, rubbing the silly cats ears before smiling awkwardly.
watches xyurus.
eyes the glowing leopard with an almost dumbfounded look.
he rise his eyebrow and facepaw.
he nods, tail waving behind him again as he smiles* That makes more sense. *turning to Kai, he chuckles.
he giggles, grabbing Xyph and pulling him back down into the springs with a splash as he hugs him close.
chuckles as his tail curls around himself as he hugs back.
kiss xyphurus' and avrus' cheeks gently.
he smiles giving you an appreciative lick back before settling back into the water, purring.
smiles as sit next to Avrus and Xyphurus in the water.
walking to the recepcionist.
I go upstairs to the rooms.
as I enter the room I put my bag closer to the bed and I lie down on the bed.
lays under a tree in a park.
smiling shyly.
I stand over next to you and rubs your head.
I giggle too.
I wink and walk to the bar.
I walk back to you.
I kiss your forehead.
walking to the bar.
lays next to the couch half asleep.
giggles as I hear you murr, I lay on my front wagging my tail slowly.
Blushes and moves closer, murring softly.
I look over to you and smile softly while I shake my head.
lays on the floor by the couch.
falls asleep on the couch.
waves, half asleep on the couch.
Laughs a bit before sticking his tongue out.
sticks my tongue out at you smiling* nuu not really just bored.
waves a paw sleepily.
waves a paw and his tail.
yawns as he walks down stairs only to sit at the bar wagging his tail.
still asleep on the sofa.
sits up and combs his tail.
he blushes looking at the feline sitting just down the bar from him.
sits at the bar.
lays on the couch and falls asleep softly, my tail leaning to one side.
waves at Trevor.
he wags his tail and looks at the floor .
Waves my tail to say hello.
Kai sleeping on the bed in rented room barely naked he wear boxers.
orders a can of soda.
he gets down from the bar and pads away looking at the floor.
stretches, coming into the bar..yawning.
looks at mina* I was on night watch. Busted some drug deals, mostly just cruised around, while drinking a crap load of coffee *yawns again, not even out of uniform, plops myself on the couch, lying on my stomach.
starts to slowly drift off to sleep, relaxing.
drinking some soda.
finishes drinking and throws the can in the trash can.
grumbled as I'm sat on by a few others..groaning, too much asleep to even care.
waiting for his drink while tap his fingers on the counter.
look at alien in confusion and take sip of lemonade.
stretches arms while get up and step away from the coounter.
look ay hindai and waves his paw at you.
rubs my hair as yawns and stretches then pull my holophone to play some game on it quietly, he put his feetpaws on the couch to lay down.
auto corrected.
wanders in walking with a limp and sits at the bar wincing slightly.
The wolf walked out of milo's room rubbing his eyes.
the pup pads around wagging his tail.
says downing it quickly.
points to the side chat.
tilts his head to the side.
take dip in pool with swim shorts alone and relax .
look at bar across from here while I was in pool.
take a stool with mare.
nuzzles your lips.
giggles and blushes, nuzzling your tongue .
slowly wandered in, yawning and looking exhausted as he stretched.
comes downstairs, goes and sits at the bar.
taping my claws on the bar while sitting at it.
yawns while stretching.
finishing his drink he moves up to the bar, pulling up a stool and sits down.
looks at Kain, smiles at him then looks about.
giggles at Mech.
playfully sticks tongue out at Mech.
still sticking my tongue out.
turns round and looks at Trevor looking normal and innocent.
pads back down stairs wagging his tail as he is finally able to spend time in the bar.
stretches and looks around, eyeing everyone present and thinking.
pads around the bar looking for a new person to pounce.
pounces mech just for the fun of it before running to hide.
giggles at the sight before her.
wags his tail.
the renamon dragon hybrid walks up to mech sitting across from him.
stretched a tad as he began to look around, using a fan to try and cool himself down, once again lounging on that sofa.
she looks over at Trevor and start flinging wet paper balls each one hitting their mark, causing a cute little Fennec giggle .
waved at milo.
he tilted his head to the side, his ear twitching a little.
he smiled and hugged back gently but quickly letting go so you could go upstairs.
he smiled softly and went on the sofa.
soon loud pounding of a bed on a wall can be slightly audible near the stairs.
the young pup pads down to the bar and looks at trevor.
he looks at trevor.
sit on the stair and out of space.
Walks in to the room looking around. I find a place to sit on the sofa in the back of the room..
yawns as lift his head from the counter.
 Smiles and waives at..
look at remo and waves at.
 Giggles a bit..
chuckles softly.
he look at Dax.
 Makes grabby paws at Kai..
look at remo.
 I grin and nod..
stand up as he move to the sofa, he look at lion before sit next to lion* my name is Kai Storm.
 Happy now, i look over at you as you sit down..
smiles as look at Remo.
nods with smile.
 I smile sweetly..
i chuckles softly* that's good. *sway wolf tail.
 Snuggles in to you ..
snuggle remo gently on the sofa with a smiles and rubs remo's back.
 Purrs loudly loving your affection..
 I murr and purr loudly, giving Kai little neck nibbles and we snuggle and nuzzle..
chuckles at Dax* silly Dax but you need be careful. *i Murrs softly and snuggles remo more.
 murrs slipping my rump in to your lap. I am wearing a pair of tight short shorts and not muck else. I wrap my arms around your neck and give you a little kiss on the muzzle..
smiles at remo and give kiss on remo's lips gently, he put his hand on your back.
 Purrs and pushes my muzzle in to yours as you kiss me in return. I grind my rump in to your lap a bit and tug on your lower lip with my teeth sofly..
grins softly, he push his tongue into remo's nuzzle to explore inside while rubs remo's back smoothly.
 I gasp a little as your tongue invades my muzzle. I slip my own tongue back in to your muzzle to do the same. I give you a little whimper of plesure, and it was then you could smell my arousal..
 Starts to wonder if his playmate had left..
grins softly and look at remo's eyes, licks your tongue gently.
 I purr and grin, blushing deeply..
the little Fennec sits at the bar wondering why her head is filled with random things not even paying attention to her drink or surroundings  until a random naked girl walks by her with a little bit extra.
nods* yes it so comfy~ *noses remo's nose.
 Reaches one paw down between your legs and groaps you softly. I i giggle and smile, licking your lips a little..
she leans over to sozato and pokes her nose * hey hey want to do yoga, it will wake you up more than That coffee missy * her big ears perked up and big doe eye gleaming  waiting for a response from the vixen .
I say whispering back, I giggle a bit groaping you a bit more..
stand up and hold remo in my arms* oh? I am sexy? *sly smiles at remo.
 I startle a bit as you puck me up and hold me in your arms. After a moment i grin..
she runs over to Cora her petite frame, making her feel nervous around such a well endowed girl, but she fought thought it and gives Cora a tap on the shoulder " I..um heardmentionsofyoga?* the last part said very quickly due to her nerves getting in her way the little Fennec patiently waits for her to respond but while she waits her eyes can't help but look places .
kiss remo's lips for moment before he move to upstair with remo in his arms* maybe somewhere little more private *chuckles softly.
 I blush deeply as you make our way up the stairs with me in your arms, I wrap my arms around your neck kissing you back and holding on to you tightly..
nods gently and walk up the stair, carry remo cute lion in his arms to my door few feet away from the stairs.
 I look around and down at the doorknob, I reach down and open the door so you dont have to put me down just yet..
the Fennec gave a soft smile, her heart jumping at the thought wanting nothing more than to try it,she  knew it would be a challenge being a small Fennec, but she was up for it before speaking this time she let out a breath and spoke softly* I would um like to learn more about these positions Could you teach me? .
chuckles softly* thank you cutie *we enter the room and closes door behind us with my footpaw while hold lion.
 You can feel and hear me purring very loudly. I kiss and lick the sides of your cheek neck and face..
after a full nights sleep he stretches and gets up heading down stairs and chilling at the bar.
smiles as walk to the bedroom which bed is black with blue blanket pillows has streak color to match my fur color, he put lion on bed.
 You see me blush deeply as you put me down on the bed, the tent in my shorts shoing off the favt that i was indeed happy..
grope lion's rump gently.
 I moan feeling your paw on my ass. I bite my lower lip and nod bashfully and pull my shorts down and away for you..
licks remo's neck and pull my shorts down and kick it away.
he smiles softly looking over the room.
 I moan again reaching fach down between your legs and wrapping my paw around your shaft. I purr, stroking you softly, leaning my head to the side for your kisses. I push my hips up a bit and press our cocks together..
he toasts his shot to her and tosses it back as he lets out a sigh.
he turns his head.
murrs softly as stroke remo and mine's cock together whle kisses remo's lip passionately, other paw rubbing remo's cheek to make him relaxly.
rubs your forehead with both his paws.
rubbed the sides of your head at this point and giggled a little at the noises.
 I moan loudly kissing you back Just as passionatly. I hook both legs around you and lock my ankles together behind you. My paw takes your cock, Pushing it down passedm y cock and balls, down between my cheeks..
sniffs the air for someone to play with.
look into remo's eyes to see him want canine cock in him as he thinking of something good* you seem want it badly. *stroke lion cock slowly.
he waves his paw.
he looks to silver.
 I maon and wiggle under you a bit obvioulsly very aroused and in need of you. I blush biteing my lower lip looking back in to your eyes. I nod..
purrs noisily and rubs my head into your paw.
blushes and flattens his ears a bit.
smiled a little and his ears twitched .
 I moan the feeling of your cock pushing in to my tail hole causing my back to arch. I clutch at your bed sheets and pant, gritting my teeth together. I whimper kissing you back, your cock bigger than i had origonaly thought it was. * Yes, * I whimper, my cock throbbing for you..
smiles and look at cute lion's face, he start to pounding lion's tailhole gently to make sure he feel loosely. wolf put his paws on remo's arms to pull them around my neck.
 I pant and pant and moan, your slow pounding making my cock leak and drool all over my belly. I do wrap my arms around your neck kissing you deeply once more. I moan and purr loudly as you mate with me..
 I drag my clas down the flesh of your back as you thrust in to me faster and faster, I huff and moan louder and louder as you speed up, out bodys slapping together now. I pant and groan, my toes curling as the bed begins to squeek with our love making..
 I pant and all but howl in plesure, and you fuck me and paw me off, I feel that familliar tugging from deep within, Indacating approching climax, I do my best to hold that back as you buck your hips in to me over and over again..
seeing the raptor jump in before quickly flailing out of the water made the wolf concerned, hearing his remark he walked over to him and knelt by him, then hugging him closely from behind to keep him warm.
look at remo's eyes while fucking little wildly speed than before as the bed little shake against the wall, he said "good lion" *you feel wolf create knot little big against lion's tailhole.
 I Huff, Moan and pant, my body starting to buckle as i can no longer hold back my impending cliamx. I lean up and bite your neck diging my claws in a little as i try to hold back just a little longer, My tail hole clamps down tight around your shaft..
his fur floofed up as he hugged the raptor tight, looking a little away in embarrassment, his ears perking down.
 I scream out as you push you knot in to me and i cum hard, that last thrust sending me over the edge. I spasem and grunt, my tale hole squezzing tight on you..
He blinked and smiled nervously* "S-sorry!" *he eased up on the hug making it a lot less tight for the raptor.
howlsing as he cum harder into your tailhole to fill lion's belly and leak some cum out of tailhole to bed then licks your neck where i bited.
 I pant hard holding you tight and moaning, as you fill me with your hot spunk..
i hold remo closer on messy bed and blanket is cover in cum* seem we made good time. *noses you while put his paw on your cum cover cock.
 I kiss you lovingly and tenderly having had a wonderful time with you. My paws rub your chest and i purr loudly..
smiles as kisses you lovingly.
a few moments later he stopped hugging the raptor and walked back inside.
waves as I enter the bar.
he couldn't help but blush from the kiss.
Lazes and flops about.
studying the pinned post.
the young canine pads up to the bar wagging his tail.
insert alcohol name here since im not a drinker at all.
he wags his tail and smiles.
wags his tail and smiles.
runs to a corner and hides behind my tail.
listening to milo and others while sit on the stool quietly.
drink vodka little bit and fall into daydream land while lay jus head on the counter.
the tiger rests his head in his paws and sighs.
the cub merfs a bit and purrs against the officer, lightly swishing his tail as he was draped over his shoulder.
the cub stayed draped over the Officers shoulder, lightly climbing up onto it to lay over both shoulders around his neck.
grab empty cup and put it under types of beer handle, pull handle lever little bit to fill cup before give Dax a cup of beer.
nods and turn to shelves of drinks to check if any need add more.
wave at Zhwazi and slide cup to him.
walk to kitchen and clean dishes quietly.
he pads down stairs with a limp.
crawls in, barely dragging himself as he strains. this goes on for a good 10 feet before he stands up not injured or anything just enjoying making people question as he flaps his wings slightly hovering towards the bar missing a stool by a few inches and literally face planting his muzzle into the bar top..
the pup pads back in limping as he sits down on the bar stool.
he looks up at Milo wagging his tail a little* I'm fine...mister Milo *he wences and lays his head down.
He gets up from the bar and pads to a couch laying down.
wags his tail as he relaxes on the couch as he hurts all over from his days activities.
gets up and wanders outside.
rolling himself down the steps carefully, before finally hitting the bottom with a thud he lays there, tail waving behind him before looking up at the bar.
he shoots you a crazy grin, tail waving all the faster* I dunno, can you count crazy as alright?~ *looking over to Trevor he laughs.
tackles Xyph and then flops onto him like deadweight.
wiggles on you, pressing down heavier.
licks your chest back before sitting upright on the couch with a yawn.
chuckles softly* You could call Xyph beautiful~ *grins as he looks over to the leopard, petting his head gently.
grabs Xyph, laying him face up across my lap and laughing gently, rubbing his chest.
raises an eye and grins before looking at Xyph* Someones been getting into plenty of trouble lately~ *snickers to himself.
he grins and winks back at Trevor.
wanders into the bar, stretching and looking rather nicely dressed.
waves at the husky, smiling warmly.
murrs softly and gives Xyph a little lick on the cheek.
he laughs and waves Trevor off* No no, he's not taken~ I just like to tease him. *he smiles warmly as his tail wags behind him* Just friendly room mates is all. *he winks to Xyph with a wide grin.
waves to everyone.
waves back while resting at the bar.
pads down stairs. He wags his tail as he is naked and just out of the shower.
waves at everyone.
smiles and wags his tail.
blushes and pretends not to look.
walk to the couch.
looks around hearing people talking about birthdays and instantly getting a bit jealous* well....least you aren't a dragon born on celestial day. *says pouting, a celestial day being a day celebrated in the dragon calendar that only happened once every few hundred years..
glares and continues to pout.
the dragon goes to sit on the couch pulling his book out of a bag of holding and setting up for the day.
nods* yeah that's a good thing atleast *laughs as he plops his feet on a coffee table.* you know...dragon cum can make you live for ever too. *says jokingly.
says laughing to himself.
pads around only to walk to the bar sitting down.
he wags his tail.
Shakes his head.
he smiles and wags his tail.
guess Trevor got busy and wanders off.
pads around looking about.
read book while lay by pool.
Nopes out of here.
rolls around on the floor in boredom .
shakes my head.
the Fennec looks over to sozato with a small smile, walking over to her and taking her paw inside her own leading the vixen to the wonderful bar area for a morning drink.
Swaying her tail from side the side, the vixen walks along to the bar after Callie.
she sits sozato down on the bar stool before sitting in her lap and ordering a fresh cup of tea for both.
rests her head on top of the fennec and hugs her as they wait for their drinks.
as their tea arrives she picks it up with one hand but uses the other to keep holding Callie close.
walks into the bar, wearing a red shirt and a black hoodie unzipped..with black jeans..yawning, goes over to the bar sitting in front of the counter.
looks over at her and waves a paw.
stretches yawning, goes over to the couch and sits down.
the tiger smiles a bit.
the cub crawls into her lap and snuggles softly.
keeps purring noisily at her, closing my eyes gently at the petting .
the cub seemed to have passed it in her lap.
the cub would awaken a half hour or so later, shifting a bit half asleep.
he yawns widely and cutely,  rubbing his eyes with his paws.
the cub yawns again and looks around,  looking up at Xyph, Mina, and Kai after hearing his name being mentioned.
he nodded a bit, purring noisily, snuggling into her lap.
the cub smiled at her a bit,  resting his head in her lap, purring softly against her.
the cub smiles up at you sleepily, his tail lightly swaying behind him.
the cub rubbed his head into her paw, purring softly against it.
the cub nodded, sitting up, letting the blanket fall off his back gently.
yawns as he steps down the stairs, blinking slowly as he starts to rub sleep from his muzzle.
waves at the lion, settling himself down in a bar stool as he spins around in it slowly, tail waving as he looks around the room at the morning crowd.
pads around the room to wake up.
sniffs around the room.
the wolf heard the knocking and ran over to open the door for her.
ooos and awes.
points to leg nubs.
he tilted his head and was a bit confuzzled.
he grabbed xena's hands and tried to pull her so her stumps wouldnt touch the ground.
he said before starting to hoist xena up , being careful not to let any drip on his legs.
Maybe she was lighter because she lacked both her legs!!!.
he would hold xena up at a similiar level as Mina did, before walking over and putting the xenomorph on a table.
he ran over into the kitchen and brought back a few more then two just incase spare are needed.
he was panicking for the moment and didnt know what to do, he held xena's stumps still so mina could work on them.
the wolf left the room temporarily and brought out a thick band of leather .
he placed his hands on xena's stumps so she wouldnt pull them back.
he yawned and sat down.
slowly wandered down into the bar, having been hiding in his room a bit as he wanders around to see if anyone's present.
would be wandering around, looking around a few of the areas of the bar, pool, hallways and more.
paused a bit, seeing someone else appear before nodding.
blinks adnd steps back.
looks at the collar, tilting his head.
chuckles and waves his paws.
chuckled again.
eeps a bit and quickly jumps away, barely dodging.
looks at at you.
chuckled da bit and wags.
eeps and tries to hug the massive male back.
smiles and wags.
hugs back softly.
eeps and blushes at he sudden gesture.
A tiger could be heard sniffing around the room again.
the cub looks over at Dax and smiles, padding over to him with a purr .
the cub purrs noisily and vibrates Dax, snuggling against him tightly.
smiles lightly at you.
chuckles to himself* bi now....gay later *says mocking an old store slogan 'buy now pay later' .
hugs, and picks up. Spinning in a circle.
holds up a welcome new person pamphlet with the bars rules and guidelines.
clings as you spin me around.
Says leaning back on a sofa.
stands up backing away slowly.
grabs stone knife.
flaps wings hard jumping up and clinging to the rafters whining* help....evil canine trying to kill me......*pauses and thinks for a moment.
says still clinging to the ceiling.
glares a bit peeved* no....i'm NOT a pokemon....just cuz i'm a purveyor of fine bondage and bondage like scenarios....does not mean you can throw pokeballs at me nor "evolve" me *he says making air quotes which causes him to lose his grip on the ceiling and fall flat on his face on the floor whimpering as it really hurt.
whines on floor* i hurt mah elbow.....and my face.....and my pride...but only a little on that last one...don't have much pride anymore. *says forcing a smile.
nods shyly pushing himself up in a seated position* i'm fine...honestly...i've had worse.....though i think i should sit down for a bit. *thanks the both of them.
sticks tongue out.
smiles from the hug having not been bothered by it all that much* who cares what height anyone is....i mean i'm told all the time, "you're a dragon...but you're so short." and well....*shrugs.
he says finally able to stand as he walks to the bar and sits next to the female horse.
he joins the others at the bar.
blushes softly at the term boy* uh....hi...to you too. *looks around not seeing any bartenders available for the moment..
starts speaking a phrase in draconic. only the first part sounding anything similar to a name and that being miakoda..
he stands up and grabs alittle of vodka and a glass.
looks around shiftily* well.....according to dragon culture...i'm still considered a hatchling...but...i'm 717....so....i'm here legally too right *he says chuckling..
drinks from his vodka bottle.
stares right at your chest.
hugs onto her tightly.
he wiggles alittle and wags his tail makeing muffeled sounds.
Waddles on in.
his neck fluffs up alittle.
tilts his head.
the feral slowly pads into the room and makes her way to a bean bag. Having a medical mask on shows she was a sick bear and she flops on the bean bag with a huff.
She hugs him tightly as she smothers him into her breasts again.
wiggles and wags.
She smiles as she carried him upstairs to her room.
gets carryed away.
snorts and blushes, wriggling his round butt and accentuating curly tail.
oinks and becomes more red than pink, his curly tail bounces with his big belly.
walks into the bar, dressed rather nicely as he looks around a bit.
waves at the familiar husky and then giggles at the over dressed canine.
jumped a bit at the voice, shaking his head.
waves his paw up and down your attire, chuckling gently.
rubbed the back of his own head.
his tail flicks behind him with a wink* Professional now? I can't blame you, you are pretty good~ *he snickers softly.
smirked and shook his head, face slightly red.
he smiles, tail waving behind him curiously now as he cocks his head.
grins* well if i told ya I'd have to kill ya hehe... *tail wagging, clearly trying to hold back a laugh.
Chuckles and nods, rubbing his crotch in embarrassment.
I sort of waddle along, nearly tripping due to my fat, stubby hooves.
shook his head.
yawns and wanders in.
Waves at Kinen and yawns.
walks over and sits down on the sofa.
smiled a tad, tail wagging.
laughs a bit and nods.
glanced over, shrugging a bit.
the feral pads in, she pads all the way up to the bar and takes a seat looking around a small amount..
I slither my way in and nuzzle Booker's cheek a tad as I take a seat next to her.
the feral smiles looking next to her and she sits down on the floor next to you, the bear being so big she was able to lay her head on your shoulder.
I smile a tad and reach my paw up to give her a soft scrithc atop her head.
the feral did love rubs and she pulls you down as she lays down, she pulls you into a full on fuzzy bear hug and huffs.
the feral says waving.
the feral being 1.2 tons ten feet long and five feet tall meant he was pretty big.
pads down stairs and sits at the bar wagging his tail. He looks around then to Milo .
waves to cermina as he wags his tail smiling.
he looks at Milo and thinks he is mad at him. He gets up from the bar and pads to one of the many pillows and lays down.
The wolf had been listening to the entire thing going on, though a bit too afraid to interfere with the two, he takes a deep breath and went upstairs to Milo's door, knocking softly.
waves while walk to the bar.
walk to the couch with drink and sit there alone before pull the good book.
he steps up to the xeno before taking a seat next to her.
bolts for the door hearing "police". he didn't really have a reason to do so just it startled him so much he thought maybe he'd done something wrong..
peeks back in from behind a hedge that was doing nothing to hide him* ohhh yeah..make him strip...strip strip strip strip *says cheering.
pads around the bar as he becomes skittish as there are a lot of new people.
calls out from behind his bush finally coming out to lounge back by the pool some more.
pouts as his tummy grumbles needily.
looks over at the fur talking to him.
thinks warmly of dicks while lounging by the pool.
pats his head* is okay *smiles.
goes back to thinking about sex and dicks.
says moaning and getting up suddenly.
Walks on in and takes a seat.
Waves his hoof.
puts on a suit and pampers him self up.
Blushes and oinks.
watches the bar tilting his head as he looks around..
Sits at the bar wagging his tail.
wags his tail and smiles faintly.
he lays his head on the counter.
he wags his tail slowly.
Nuzzles you and wags his tail.
i blush and smile.
smiles as I sit on an empty couch.
directs you to the other chat room to see the relevant pic.
takes a gander at the block.
flutters wings.
comes back from upstairs where he had been napping seeing sozato now in a cage, and xena holding it. he takes one look around at the scene before slowly backing up again mumbling 'nope' over and over.
Flaps against the walls of the cage but is the exact same shape as the cage so can't move* Buuuwaaaak! *translation.
says taking a seat at the bar reaching over the counter to grab himself some whisky.
muffled* Bwuk? *translation.
the wolf walked over and pat xena on the knee.
he smiles with the similiar smile in his Avi, giggling as she smacked him on the cheek and then hugging the xenomorph tightly.
he said while hugging xena tighter and getting in her lap to somewhat hide.
whispers in a gentle tone.
Callie sits behind the bar waiting for people being the bartender for today but with no one around she runs around giggling and mixing different types of drinks mostly pink ones.
callie looks over at nick.
Callie gives a little nod and begins pulling out drinks and pouring them into a martini glass one by one the drink went through multiple colours before finally reaching the hot pink but lastly pink streams of steam floated off the top of the drink into heart shapes before popping.
she looks side to side before shaking her head* no not often but I would like to start doing it more so here I am I just got to find better things to but inside of drinks OH OH I could by some * the fennecs mind start to trail off into things she could buy for the bar.
she says with a light giggle.
she gives a nod at dax before bending over and returning with a cup full of coffee , adding some hot coffee over a glass filled with alcohol and ice before setting it on fire and adding an umbrella for fun.
she giggles and nods seeing everyone is served the fennec takes a seat and begins to read porn while not drinking her own lusty drinks she is always horny and uses things such as bartending to distract her from that, it is always easy to tell which pages she likes because the hot pink on the fennecs ears glow slightly before dying back down.
walk to the bar counter.
the fennec peaks her head up from under the bar as she rises she quickly buttons up her short shorts .
 oh hello, hmm you seem you had good time *chuckles.
she looks around with a slight blush and quickly downs her own shot.
look at fennec* why you hide behind the counter? .
she looks Down to the floor then up at kai* well there is only a little mess and I am new to this whole bartender thing alright * she sits back on the counter and watches you both .
he look at fennec.
she jumps up in the air as she says bartender landing with a happy smile .
smiles softly as look at callie.
she says, drawing out the s before quickly finding drinks to mix up at a furious pace empty bottles flying at your head before a drink is pushed towards you.
wipe my face.
look at cup then you* ok then. *take sip of unknown taste  cautionly.
slides a shot down the counter to soz .
pokes her head up from the bar and looks around before sinking back down.
her ears poke up again when she hears her name.
she gives a little nod making up three of her uh-ohs this time adding extra everything to make it pop she then stands up to the counters sliding them down to the three people seated at the bar.
he smiles and take sip cup.
walks in smiling .
she says deep in thought .
sits at the bar taking a sip from a waterbottle.
winks at callie.
she smiles and slides an uh-oh down to Ryan , a little bit spilling out but not much.
takes a sip enjoying the flavor.
cocks my head to the side .
 her eyes lit up with the thought of fireworks so,thing she held close of her heart because of the fond memories that grey from sitting and watching fireworks with her family and friends on a cold winters night.
Is woken up by the shoots fired, I jump out of bed and groan falling on my face and the covers land on top of me, I sigh deeply and get right back up. I make my way over to Jasons room growling softly and rubbing my eyes.
As I watch Jason chuckle I remain in a straight face, not amused till I watch Tali slap him across the face with her tail. I would then chuckle myself and look at her* "Good one, anyway ill be on my way then." *I said and head out to make myself something for breakfast.
Noticing piles and piles of beer cans I chuckled softly shaking my head, I probably did have more to drink than anybody else. As I pass by I wave at the female that woke up and was eating some captain crunch.
I said while I had a mouthful of captain crunch and some milk dripping onto the floor, I chew and swallow, smiling a little back at the female. I hang out here for the moment and said.
Passing the Wolfcoon on the stairs Bad pauses for a moment feeling like he should know her. He shrugs and continues down the steps and down to the bar area, looking over at the Roo who just entered..
The hyena leaned on the bar with a smirk, dragging his feet a bit.
He opened the soda by the tab and took a sip of the fizzy drink, swaying his boredly from side to side as he scanned his eyes around the room.
Bad shrugged seeing little was happening around the room, returning his eyes to the snow leopard(?) in front of him..
the hyena smirked and stuck his tongue out briefly.
Bad shrugged again and eyed over the leopard slowly.
he giggled and smirked sliding over the counter and behind the leopard* officer I've been a pretty bad yena~ *He murred and ran his fingers over the males hips.
He growled a little and grinned pushing the leopard up against the counter, snagging his handcuffs from him and playing with them in his paw as he roughly grinded his large yena package between Hindais legs.
The hyena undid his trousers letting them fall to the floor, his large erect shaft throbbing hard between his legs. With a grin the hyena pulls the leopards arms back a don restrains him with the handcuffs, slowly slipping his paws into the officers pants and pushing them down* hehe you have the right to scream my name cutie~ *Biting his lip Bad takes his large throbbing member into his paws and lines it up to the leopards rear, prodding teasingly against his entrance.
prodding against the leopards tailhole he spies the slit just beneath it unexpectedly. His grin widens as he presses his tip lower to line up with his retrained feline's cunt. Quickly he thrusts his hips forward and buries his large shaft deep into the snow leopards warm slit.* mmf~ *He starts to buck his hips thrusting his shaft in and out of the tight warm hole.
Bad pounded the leopards warm folds harder as he pulled back on the cuffs a bit, his thick shaft throbbing and dripping with pre already as he enjoyed the inside of leopards slit..
Moaning into the leopards ear the hyena kept up his rough deep thrusts, his cock pulsing inside of his warm folds. Curling his tail the hyena blushed and unexpectedly start to shoot his hot seed deep into the leopard, giving him long deep thrusts as he came.
Slowly pulling out of the leopard with a satisfied smile he took the key and Uncuffed the poor feline, giving his rump a firm pat as he giggled.
he blushed a little kissing back and hugging the feline tightly before grabbing his soda and taking a drink of it again, wagging his tail behind him.
The hyena smiles taking the card and shooting him a wink* keep up the good work officer~ *He giggled and his ears perked hearing the name Eva. Turning the naked yena slid over the counter against and approached the Wolfcoon behind him..
The hyena murred to himself a bit and smiled at Eva confidently* heheh~ apologies then~ I'm Bad, and my name is Bad~ *He grinned and swayed his tail behind him.
He wrapped and arm around her waist and and smiled wolfishly.
Bad smirked and pressed up against the Wolfcoon, his wet cum covered shaft pushing up against her hip and dripping onto her shorts excitedly.
Kai walk past yena as he rubs my eyes.
The hyena perked his ear hearing the grunt behind him and swaying his tail.* hehe that your boyfriend sweetheart? *he continued to stare at the stain he left on the side of her shorts with a smugly satisfied grin.
sit on the stool and look at yena and eva.
He grins and wraps his arms around the female again, pressing up against her back.
He smirks quite comfortable pressed up against her.
The hyena loosened his grip a bit feeling the elbow to his stomach, turning his attention to Kai.
he smirked, letting go of the poor lass and swaying his tail behind him as he removed his sticky shaft from her back.
The hyena grinned meddling over the thought.
The hyena whined being tugged along like a child upstairs.
he turn attention to Trevor.
twitch ear and stretches arms while stand up.
rolls around.
walk to kinen.
slowly backs into the shadows.
sit next to Kinen.
read book beside kenin.
Blitz pads down stairs silently as he walks over to the bar sitting down.
Eli walks in and looks around the room.
He rise his eyebrow and drink the cup of water while watch browser jr..
walks in and sits at the bar .
Turns attention and growls.
After a long and hot day I went back inside to get myself a drink, although it was Friday I didn't feel like going crazy with the booze this time. In the bar now I looked at Rex for a moment, didn't say a word to him as I sit down and look around for the bartender, tapping my claws against the counter waiting for a few minutes but no answer, I look around and hop over the counter to make myself something and Rex something.
Since there was nobody on sight, it would be best to make something for myself and everyone else who was present. I watched alot of bartenders make their alcohol and how they prepare it, wasn't much of a problem, I chuckle at Rex's little comment and toss him a tall glass of samuel adams, I made myself coke mixed with some rum. I would take another look around the bar and look where Rex is and look at the tables then seeing some ears up I lean over the counter and see lil Cal wanting a drink too, so I make her something special. Once I finish I raise my glass and say* "To the good life." *I tip my head back and drink.
she says referring to herself in the third person .
I had to be out of it already, now I just realized the bartender is here, blushing softly looking down at Cal once I had finished my drink. I step out and sit myself down and keep drinking some of my mixed drink before nodding slightly to her.
 she lets out a soft giggle remembering both people in the room have eyepatches on , but she shrugs it off and goes back to her porn magazine .
I chuckle softly once she told me that, I rub the back of my head softly still a bit embarrassed from what I just did, looking at Rex and say* "My apologies to you as well, didn't realize you had something already." *I clear my throat and focus on finishing my drink, and did so letting out a small burp chuckling more.
peaks up from the bar.
waves back then licks my paw.
makes a small aroo looking at you.
growls getting my face put into your belly.
licks my paws looking at you.
makes a small growl getting grabbed.
licks under the daxes chin.
wags my tail slowly also my green fur shading a bit and sticking to you.
Pours you one and slides it over to you smiling.
Blushing slightly, .
stands behind the bar and hands you a gin and tonic.
chuckles and poors him self 4 shots of everclear.
Takes the bottle and pours myself four shots as well.
downs his 4 shots and poors 4 more after cleaning  down the bar abit.
Downs the shots and starts refilling them.
Finishing the shots.
Chuckles abit.
Pours another shot and downs it.
sneaks in and runs up behind the bar only to take a bottle of soda and runs off to hide.
Takes another shot.
My nostrils flare as I get up stumble and follow the scent.
he hides behind a couch on a pillow he stashed back there. He is making mixed drinks with the two bottles.
he hides the bottle.
he holds the bottle out lowering his ears.
I sit down next to you.
he Hugs drake and giggles.
he yawns and heads upstairs.
Hugs back and sits down.
he lays his head on drake's lap as he looks up at him.
Blushing slightly as I let you.
he,wags his tail as the pup had chugged a good portion of the bottle and was starting to feel the effects.
My tail wags as I pick up the bottle and take a drink.
Licks drake's cheek giggling.
Blushes and kisses your neck.
yelps and giggles at the kiss.
Giggles myself.
the pup(18) runs around the bar pouncing random furs as he had too much to drink.
walk to the bar from the job search.
poke up from the bar with a frown .
brought new bottles to bar.
he stops pouncing people and looks at callie only to lower his ears.
she gives a nod a returns to cleaning the bar, she always to make sure her bar is pristine and always ready for people when they want it .
Pulse checks the room.
is currently dead and rotting in a corner.
Neo smiled and swayed his tail as well.
 "um.." *he cleared his throat* "I'm Neo." *he smiled and scooted over to leave a two stool buffer.
 "it's a pleasure to meet you" *he smiled and observed the wolfcoons figure. She look cute to him..
he offered smiling and blushing a bit.
Neo took a deep breath and focused on her, he casted and aura and slowly lifted Eva from the ground and moved her gently to the plush sofa and set her down. Then neo walked over and sat across from her on the other sofa.
neo smiled and sipped his tea.
neo smiled and waved to the new comer.
 "just another Saturday turned Sunday for me, normal stuff." *how about you sir?" *smiles.
he poured jimmy as cup and slid it to him* " I'm neo. I've been just watching this bar, but finally decided to come in since the activity died down. I'm fun and friendly but a bit shy/anti-social." *he rubbed his neck blushing.
Neo giggled slightly and adjusted his necklace, then took another sip of tea, looking at Jimmy.
neo bowed respectively at the avian and smiled.
 "hello." *smiles.
smiles and shakes your paw.
the sigh is a pleased one.
embarrased the kitten forgot yet another term.
 Finds an empy sofa to flop on..
 Sighs and lays back waiting for others to wake up..
 Smiles and waves..
 I give my one friendly smile..
 Giggles a bit..
 Stretches and yawns deeply..
 Giggles again..
 Takes a letter and the cookie from you. Lookes a little confused, having not heard of that holiday before. I open the letter and read it ..
 He opens the letter and reads it, but wont know what the letter sais if the person does not tell him what is on it beacuse " Rp". I take a bite out of the cookie and smiles..
walk down the stairs while rubs my eyes as he wears black and blue streak on it.
 I nod blushing a little..
 I smile back..
 Blushes as you lick my cheek not sure what to do..
 Giggles a little..
 Blushes Deeply..
waves to Dax and Remo.
look at cookie as he take it.
Blitz pads downstairs looking around. His tail wagging as he looks around smiling.
lay on couch as he take smal nap.
ears perk hearing the word porn* oh are we sharing porn now? i got boxes. *runs off returning with boxes and boxes of dildos, porn mags, hentai mangas, videos both bluray and vhs, and various other paraphilia.
starts throwing porn everywhere.
stands up looking very serious even tugging his shirt into place.
holds his serious face a few seconds than starts laughing at himself..
has burried himself in his porn pile but you can hear him shouting from underneath it.
slowly wandered in, stretching as he glanced around.
callie's ears poke up as usual before she fully pops out.
gets up from the bar and pads around the room. His tail still as he stares at the ground.
walk to the couch and rubs my hair.
Koda bursts in with a water gun.
slowly wandered in,stretching and looking around.
yawns as I look around the room stretching a tad bit.
Lets out a yawn before stumbling forward, the long day at work proving to be almost too much for him.
the young canine pads down the stairs wagging his tail as he looks about.
stretches arms and walk out of bar toward the park nearby.
pads up to the bar as he sits down looking about.
the fennecs ears pop up and she looks at blitz.
Blitz looks at the fennex and wags his tail slowly.
looks at ell and smiles.
he watches Sozato build the tower.
tilt's my head at Dax.
barks ans runs away.
jabs at your sides .
throws you onto a couch and hides again.
pounce Avrus and hugs.
supernovas and destroys the couch in a burst of starfire.
sits there wondering what the hell is going on.
bops your face .
walk out of bar quickly and grab bike to park.
sits back on the couch sipping at the hot coffee.
quickly bats at Gears leg for sitting on his couch.
pulls the kitty up to sit with me, giving him three pets only to avoid biting .
reaches to pet your head softly as I let out a yawn .
knocks Gears coffee onto the floor.
baps the snoot.
throws a giant dakimakura with pictures of a sexy ramen noodle onto Stefan.
bops your face .
pokes your side before leaning back a bit.
Blitz pads into the bar and sits down quietly.
Axton walked into a nice serene park, it seemed to be empty at the moment but it was only noon and people were probably out doing other things. The border collie, adorned in a tank top, shorts held up by velcro and boxers that hugged his fat sheath and balls within, had set up a picnic area for himself to enjoy the nice noon air.
crickets chirp.
he notices axton and waves.
The pup bounds into the park, only wearing some tight shorts while he runs on all fours around the park chasing the birds playfully.
Axton notices blitz and waves to the (wolf?) wearing (whatever your wearing).
Axton also notices the dog running around and ushers him closer taking out a piece of meat and handing it to the pup.
the wolf demon smiles and wags his tail as he is completely naked like always.
Axton said with a slight blush to the demon.
Rex sees the meat and licks his lips, grabbing the meat and eating it happily.
he lowers his ears.
I reached down to bet the animals head softly as if lovingly then replies to the wolf* well you can join me for some sandwhiches if you wish, no pressure *I pull out a few small BP&J sandwhiches.
Rex goes up to the demon wolf and nuzzles his leg.
he looks around a moment before taking one of the sandwiches as if someone was going to take it from him. He eats it but never stops looking around.
he sighs and looks at axton.
I said still eating my PB&J.
he eats his sandwich slowly as he cautiously watches you.
I chuckled joking of course but welcoming the challenge if you obliged.
he shakes his head as he gets up and pads to his hiding spot behind the couch with his sandwich.
I quickly jump up and grab a PB and J sandwhich from Axton, eating it happily.
I gasped seeing the feral scamp steal a sandwhich* oh you, here have another *I set one down for him leaving the last one for me.
I happily eat the sandwiches, going up to Axton and looking up at him.
I said after rolling my eyes at more people going to apparently the only establishment people wanna go to instead of exploring new places* You can lick on it if you want *I said reaching into the basket facing you legs spread.
I nuzzle into the basket, trying to find the sausage Axton was talking about.
I take out a link of about 3 and lean it down to you with a smile taking one for myself.
yawns as I flop on the couch pulling my blanket over my self, waving at rex.
waves back at gear.
hisses at before pulling the blanket up to protect my self from the coins .
looks at all the random stuff going on and shrugs staring to eat his sausage.
takes bill slipping it into my fur for safe keeping .
Eats the two sausages Axton game him and goes over to gear.
gives three thumbs up.
sighs at the stupid shennanigans going on in the park that was peaceful just a moment ago.
looks confused at the sudden third hand and goes back over to Axton.
looks over to rex the cyborg throwing the third arm at him.
stands up and rolls his eyes leaving due to the evening (his RP) being ruined once again by other people.
smirks as I curl up a bit more in my blanket .
yells back at rex before throwing nickels at him .
Sits down on the couch and eats a reeses peanut butter cup and his phone battery is at 1 percent and then dies.
i look around and smell, standing on my back legs and smell Sett's arousal. The pup smirks and walks over to Sett.
Observes the anthros ahead of him and lets out a soft giggle* Well my phone is dead guys. *Puts his phone in his pocket and just relaxes on the couch.
Rexy looks down at Sett's bulge again and smirks more.
 Guess who * Alex presses close to him and lets out a soft giggle.
looks over at Sett with his yellow eyes, welcome to this lovely establishment, I am new here as well, but you will make some friends no problem at all *Bright red appears on his cheek and nuzzles Rex's cheek and wraps his arms around Rex from behind.
puts up my paw.
walk down the stair as stretches arms and rubs my eyes from sleep.
Blitz pads down the stairs rubbing his head as he sits down at the bar.
breaks evey rule.
poke xena's arm with my staff.
whips her head around to look at kai.
waves at xena.
starts stopwatch.
hug sapphira and xena.
squeezes kai and saph together hard.
the smol floof is squshed .
crushes them in her grasp while squeezing.
grabs popcorn.
sits close to sapphira while hugging.
waves from the couch .
yawns softly as I move back onto the couch wrapping my blanket firmly around my self .
lifts head up from the bar where it'd been plastered for quite sometime slurring heavily.
Blitz bounds down the stairs behind Trevor only to wag his tail and sits at the bar waiting for breakfast.
slowly wandered into the bar, dressed up rather nice as he stretched.
his paws shoot out from under a nearby rug, grabbing Xyph's feetpaws and dragging him, and incidentally Trevor, down onto the floor before hugging them both tightly.
Wags his tail as he looks at the others only to smile..
bursts through the doors like an old western cowboy.
rubs Xyph's back softly as he looks up at the crazy cowboy fur.
rolls over with Xyph, until they are behind the bar as he watches the spectacle going on around him until he is out of view.
Walks in with a white dressshirt and a cyan tie loosened to the side a tad bit accompanied with black slim jeans. Making his way to the bar and asking for two shots, before taking a seat and turning off his phone to keep himself from being distracted by it.
starts to tickle Xyph underneath the bar as his tail snags two shot glasses and sets them onto the counter, followed by a bottle of whiskey, pouring the two shots for the new fur if spilling a bit before setting the bottle back behind the bar.
 Thank you! *Then proceeds to drink the two shots back to back and  he puts the glasses down.
Blitz gets up and wanders off to sit in the couch as he drinks the large glass of orange juice.
stands up after torturing Xyph, holding him in his arms as his tail waves behind him and he nods at Blitz* How are you tonight? *he smiles back at the new fur.
Looks over to the, slightly a bit buzzed due to a low tolerance to alcohol and smiles* Hiya~ the name's Alex *holds out his soft paws for a hand shake.
slightly flexes his arms, making Xyph bounce up and down as he chuckles.
his eyes move to the fur that popped out of nowhere and then lets out a giggle.
pours another shot of whiskey into the awaiting glass before bopping Xyph on the head as his tail thwaps his side* Next time don't dissapear without some note. *hmphs before turning to Alex.
hmphs as he nips the tail that is placed on his face.
rolls his eyes before grinning and picking you back up, laying you on the counter as he's careful not to spill the whiskey or shotglasses and he murrs in satisfaction.
Gets up and walks over to the couch, still maintaining a good buzz. And flops down, wagging his tail happily then flips over and just relaxes.
snickers as he pushes his muzzle up against Xyph's ear, whispering that he knows all too weell before sliding away from behind the counter and sitting in a stool himself winking to Xyph, before turning and waving to Eva.
sits at the bar looking around curiously, also nervous, at the furrs..
 Comes in to the room looking rather bored. I find an empty spot on the sofa to flop..
 i smile and wave back stretching out on the sofa and yawning deeply. I adjust my bluejeans and pull down my T-shirt a bit..
 Take a tug of my Vape and blows a cloud in to the air. It smels of fruit and mint..
 I take another tug of my vape, and let it out again a moment later. I smooth my black hair back with my other paw..
 I relax there on the sofa, and yawn deeply..
 Nods and thakes yet another hit on my vape. The room was starting to get a bit foggy..
walk to the bar from the morning jog, he stretches arms.
 Hugs in return..
 Shrugs a bit..
 Smiles and waives back..
 smiles as walk up to remo.
 I an laying on the sofa. streched out and wearing blue jeans and a black T- shirt..
nods while he look at remo* that's good! i go hit the shower *walk to the stair.
 I say from my same spot on the sofa..
tips a ushanka hat to the lot of you.
slams glass on table.
waves at bar tender.
licks my paws softly and stears at the wall.
pulls it out with a whine.
I take the dildo and put in on a stool, slowly sitting on it and sliding down it, moaning a little.
strips the gym shorts that were already barely hanging on to my waist.
stares at the cat in barely any clothing.
i hop down from the stool and crawl on my knees to Mik, looking up at him.
walk past mik and rexy to his spot on the counter while wait for bartender.
i lean forward and bury my muzzle into Mik's crotch, smelling the musk. Opening my maw, I take his cock under the fabric into my mouth and suck on it a little.
i grin down at Rexy.
i smile up at Mik, backing up a little* well get it out and shove it down my through kitty cat *i open my mouth wide.
i rub at it and you see a pink, barbed tip slip out, a little more rubbing reveals a long, wide shaft, and at the base, a bulbous canine knot pulses with dark red veins.
i look at Mik with my maw still open.
stands up from the bar stool and grabs the back of Rexy's head with one paw while lining up my cock with the other* lets see about that *moments later my tool's tip is pushing down his throat.
as Mik shoved his barbed cock down my throat, never having a barbed cock down my throat before I suddenly choke and gag on his thick tool, squirming while I cough and my throat muscles massage his cock.
i use both paws to force the rest inside of him, muzzle pressed against my groin, my golf ball sized nuts against his chin. After a few seconds I let him slide off to catch his breath, my barbs aren't sharp, but rather tickle his throat as my tool pops out and bounces back and forth while dripping in saliva.
when all 8 inches are forced inside my throat, I gag and cough, not being able to accommodate the barbs. Saliva spurts out my maw around his cock, costing his crotch fur around his cock. Then when it is taken out of my throat, I catch my breath and cough a little more.
i smile and pat his head before ramming my cock back inside him, this time I use my paws to support his head while I nail him with powerful thrusts. You can see the outline of cock in Rexy's neck each time I thrust into him, the entire front expands with the outline of my dick* someone should record this, this is hot! *after a few more seconds of face fucking I let him slide off again. More and more saliva and pre dribble off of his face and my body.
i feel your cock stretch my throat, putting a paw to my throat and feeling how stretched its getting. With each thrust, I try to open my throat more and stop my self from gagging but once in a while I gag anyway. Tears roll down my cheeks as I look up at Mik, a very submissive look in my eyes. After all that, when Mik retracts his cock from my throat, I collapse onto all fours, coughing and gasping for breath.
my member pulses and throbs, dripping Rexy's saliva on to his face from above.
I get back onto my knees, tears staining my fur as I look at the cats cock and open my mouth once more.
the big renamon dragon walks in taking a seat at the bar as he looks around.
i jam my tool down into Rexy's throat with delight once more. It seems with each round, the affected areas of us get progressively more sloppy and messy. I thrust hard and fast, as if his mouth was a mere sex toy for me to use for my enjoyment, then I drive it down as far as I can and make him wait longer than ever before, waiting until he's choking and gagging for air before I let him breathe again.
my jaw stretches a little as you fuck my throat hard and fast, slamming my nose into your saliva soared crotch. I start to gag loudly as I run out of air, wriggling. Then the cat shoves his cock as far down as possible, causing me to gag loudly. Looking up into the cats eyes, mine filled with tears as my paws try to move him, pushing against him and pleadingly trying to grab his fur.
i slide out with a pop and look down at the poor pup.
i slump further on all fours, coughing and gasping more, though I start to grin now.
slowly wandered down, in his pjs and looking exhausted, stretching as he did so.
i lead Rexy over to a couch and lay him down, belly up on it, his head slumping off the side of the couch, a perfect entry for my kitty cock to pound. I slip it in and start face fucking him again. My cock makes an even more pronounced shape in his throat, and my balls slap against his snout with each push. With my nearing climax, I fuck harder and faster, my copious barbs slithering back and forth across he insides of Rexy's throat.
when I get into position, I eagerly lick my lips, opening my mouth and throat for his cock. As the barbed cock stretches my throat more, the barbs being clearly shown through my throat, I gag harder, squirming on the couch. When the cat starts to fuck harder, I put my paws on his hips to try and slow him, though every time I push I lose concentration on my throat and gag hard, more saliva spurting out over the cats balls and rubbing on my nose and snout.
i pump with abandon to the canine's attempt to stop me, as I come closer to my climax. Moments later, Rexy feels my cock buck inside him as I spurt my hot sticky seed down into his belly with a drawn out sigh of pleasure, and my tool buried in his maw.
my body squirms as the throat fucking does not slow, but as the cock twitches in my throat and cum shoots down my throat, the squirms become spasms as I gag harder, cum coming out my mouth and nose over the cats crotch, hearing me quietly gargle on the cum filling my throat.
I pull out and lean against the frame of the couch. My tool and surrounding area soaked with spit and jizz.
I cough and breath slowly. I pull the cats crotch over to my muzzle and start to lick at the areas with cum and saliva, especially around his balls.
i weakly wave at the new comer.
i say with a mouthful of saliva and cum, continuing to clean.
after cleaning the cat, I walk to Drake and sit by him.
gasps* I found that ear worm song I've been looking for! *slips on head phones and wags tail back and forth and bobs his head.
sits next to you two at the bar.
licks coat clean of the oily grime.
bolsters filthy garb and busted up AK with tape and Russian willpower holding it together.
displays the kitchen knife handle protruding from a leather sheathe attached to his belt that runs the length of his leg.
Saunders into the bar literally dragging his feet moaning softly and looking around.
growls at the fur who said that than sighs too worn out to care.
Dragon says waving that he wasn't upset.
blinks* ummmmmmm excuse me......do I know ya? *Asks a bit startled towards the random person hugging him.
downs the sho slamming for another* yeah..that works thanks....*looks back to the other dragon* er nice to meet ya too....ummmm thanks for the hug an all day *says slamming another shot of gin.
sips whiskey.
sits at the bar next to mik, throwing an arm around him and singing .
puts an arm around Flaps.
starts to rock us to the beat.
does the same.
reaches out to shake your paw.
i grin enthusiastically and shake it, feeling as if your arms going to be ripped out of its socket.
I shake it back with equal force, giggling .
Walks in sits at the bar smiling looks over.
looks you over.
winks smiling.
orders another round.
the bar tender slides two shot glasses of a clear liquid over to our side of the counter.
raises an eyebrow before taking one.
slugs it and slams the glass down* oh god that was vodka... *holds in cough.
takes the shot and slams it.
scoots his bar stool closer to yours.
i draw Ryan in for a drunken kiss.
kisses back letting my tongue play with his.
i caress Ryan's flank.
Bad sneaks up behind the Wolfcoon wrapping his arms around her and pressing his wet fur up against her back.
The Hyena smirks removing his paws from Klaus and shrugs laughing.
argues semantics over a cold beer.
shifts from his slumber and contorts into a pained looking stretch on the couch.
flops on his belly.
falls into a stupor of sleep.
sips glass and watches the scene unfolding* would one be so kind as to explain what the green stuff is? Is it absinth? *his eyes widen.
he cocks his head with a blank look on his face* oh. Ok.. Have fun at your plant water. *he looks around the bar for someone else and turns up with little since everything's going on by the green juice. He nonchalantly slips over to the group.
he grins and extends his paw to Mina.
he leans on the table and put his paws to chin with a quizzical look.
Mik's ears perk up at the sound of comrade.
speaks each word in his head.
raises an eyebrow* how dramatic *turns back to the bar.
waves again at Flux.
extends a paw to Flux* howdy! I'm Mik. And today has been quite lonely *swigs from a mason jar.
slides the jar over* well if you're looking to get knocked on your ass this'll do a better job than Mike Tyson! *he smirked, proud of his stupid little comparison.
points at Loon and the giant dragon.
disappears out of the rather drab bar and heads to the pool, diving in on the opposite side of it and floating/paddling his way over to the couple furs in the water.
i reel back a bit from the unexpected advance of Klaus, but it's certainly not unwelcome. My wife eyes lull back to their usual half lidded, relaxed look before completely closing. I soon embrace him with my paws exploring his slender body and pressing against his lips with mine in a passionate kiss.
shakes said paw.
look at ori from sit on the couch.
flops on couch.
grabs hindai and pulls in for snuggles.
cues hardcore ear rape sad music.
is in a floaty space bar with minor gravity, every step has a light bounce.
looks up at the chat bar.
spits only to watch it float and bubble.
drools intentionally while staring at it wish childish glee.
hungrily sips the drink as it leaks out into the room, making a large liquidy bubble before slurping it all with her straw.
 Flops on my normal sofa and streches out ajusting my Black T-shirt and blue Jeans. I yawn deeply looking around the room for any others..
it takes some restraint not shove the entire length into Rumble's soft throat, as I thought it would be a rather rude gesture to make him choke just yet.
wandered in, stretching and looking for the ac, waking over and sitting under it.
looks around the room before pulling out a notepad and taking a few notes..
whips my head around to see the stranger.
scrambles about and puts the notepad away quickly..
gets up from my seat before slowly walking towards him.
backs up slowly, looking from left to right several times then back at you..
The male wanders into the room, immediately taking a seat at the bar and looking around for the bartender.
turns tail and runs for the door, hoping the distraction worked..
looks up at the officer holding him steady due to only being 4 feet tall. Lamp looks up and wiggles free of his grasp, falling down to the floor on his rear and crawling back away from the man in uniform as well as the xeno..
slowly stands back up, looking around the room at everyone while hugging his notepad and dusting off his rear.* How do I know that..? *he asks with a hibt of concern on his lips..
crawls up onto one of the tables of the bar to further distance himself from the ebony predator..
cowers behind a chair and shivering in his silver jumpsuit..
stumbles on himself and even trips over a chsir or two before frantically makibg a mad dash for the door..
grabs the door knob and twists it in a panicked state and trying his best to get away from the nightmare above him..
flails around, slapping and punching at your soft yet thick exoskeleton with tears starting to form in his eyes..
sprints over to xena and pats her over the dome a few times.
whimpers quietly and remains perfectly still aside from his lungs filling and deflating with air at a quick rate..
yelps, feeling the organic blade push further against his neck before turning his head to the side with tears streaming down his cheeks..
squirms quietly and remains silent and still all except his panicked breathing and quiet whimpering. Lamp finally open his mouth as his voice cracks..
speaks to xena (from a safe distance away from her tail.
pushes his back hard against the floor trying to get every inch away from her mouth as he can..
turns and coughs hard, almost gagging as the egg travels down his throat. Lamp holds his chest and continues to choke over the thick egg..
 white his lips of the access saliva from the alien before sitting up and holding his stomach in a worry..
 stand back and take a shaking step towards you..
pushes you back and stumbles a few feet back.* no... I gotta get this thing outa me... *rubs over to the backdoor this time and bashes through it..
callie pops up from the bar with a smile .
lifts head from his spot where he'd been snoozing on the bar having heard the commotion and not really caring much just lays his head back down.
reverses time to wherre I'm sitting on the sofa before it all began. Taking a step off the couch while looking at the group at the bar.
 she slides one over to Stefan, a little grin on her lips as she is happy to be at the bar .
grabs the Xeno and hugs her leg tightly..
hits your leg as hard as he can... but doing no damage..
pats his stomach.
look over at the two before getting back to the couch flopping over it to relax from my day .
bites your leg before whimpering as his teeth come in contact with your armor plating..
whimpers out yet again, clutching his stomach and dropping to the floor..
slaps your leg and whimpers, still recovering from the stomach punch..
looks to his side before gulping nervously..
turns and looks at the husky wandering in..
stands up with his lion-like tail swaying behind him..
tilts his head slightly..
sighs* I'll go look for it....*crawls into the vents before saying.
looks up at the alien..
hands lamp an ocarina.
has actually simply learned A LOT of lore.
pounces you..
wiggles and baps your snoot.
grabs your ears..
baps at your back constantly.
slaps down at Stefan's chest..
rolls off of Stefan and runs over to the alien..
turns back at the Xeno..
gets his with a hard beam of sparks before dropping to the floor with a thud..
holds his head and looks down at his slimmer frame..
stompsbhis foot down..
looks down and whimpers..
presses them to your bossom.
zips up his jumpsuit..
pulls lamp's tail.
leers at you with suspicion and mutters under is breath.
draws a penis on paper and puts the paper in your pants.
sits and watches with a hand down his jumpsuit..
i drop my pants without hesitation, in fact I seem to be proud of the massive erection that bounces up from them as they fall around my knees, I stand with paws at my hips and my legs spread slightly.
leans to the side and watch..
crawls closer to get a better view..
jumps at the invasion of my hole.
falls asleep in the wet mushy bed.
stretches and groans, laying there.
blinks and waves.
stares intensely at Raptor.
raises his head looking around groggily as I take in the scene from last night and the state of the bar.
Is still slightly drunk.
The large Xeno falls from the ceiling and groans, his head pounding for some reason he could only wonder.
slowly turns his head showing just how slow his reactions were this morning.
He stood up and stretched out his sleek black body, his tail flicking just a bit, accidentally leaving a mark in the floor.
looks at the gash on the wooden floor.
The alien grins and walks over to the other, still giving off the trademark Xenomorph smile.
looks at the approaching alien* nah I'm good I did the whole chest bursting rhing and the massive head hole...neither really felt pleasant...and was a bitch to get resurrected. Fucking one time took like six weeks...my dick almost decayed. *Chuckles and burps blushing.
He laughs softly and snakes his tail to rub down the dragon's spine, his smile becoming wider.
shivers full bodily* oh...uhhhhh...sure knock yoself out...not one to turn down a blowjob or sex or anything else...but....no biting please....Id prefer not needing s medic again. Wallets running a tad dry * smiles and laughs to himself. Still rather hazy eyed.
He kneels down and inhales the other male's scent with a low growl afterwards, his sharp fingers pulled down his undergarments, revealing his cock, he takes it into his hand and strokes slowly.
let's out a stifled yip having a semi morning wood the dragon dick smelling faintly of male and oddly blueberries. As he just leans back on the bar enjoying the hard played claws stroking and working to gwt him hard* oh....uhhhhh.....also..moon dragon so don't be shocked if it's cold down there I swear it works...we're just naturally cold *stammers out almost apologetically.
He hisses softly and smiles, his mouth engulfing the shaft filling the dragon with immense pleasure as he sucked his shaft, his tail flicking around as his out cock slide from his genital slit.
gasps out and moans loudly leaning back practically laying his upper half across the bar a stupid grin on his muzzle.
walks in, sees the scene, walks out.
returns once again covered in black tar.
drinks profusely.
runs paw from Sketch's chest up to their chin.
gives a reassuring hug.
enthusiastically shakes paw.
pulls your dick.
sits in the bar while sipping a cold martini.
He appears from behind the bar, sneaking toward the whiskey, his tail sticking out as he tries to steal he alcohol.
The Xeno hisses and slashes around his sharp tail as he is grabbed, flailing like a caught snake.
Points to the cabinet under the bar full of whiskey, and grins sheepishly.
The Xeno whips his tail at the large being, hoping to do some damage.
howls as he'd been sleeping on the bar feeling a cascade of alcohol and glass rain over him.
stands up groaning and cursing picking glass off of his scales and wiping as much liquid off himself and heading up the stairs to go wash off.
stands in front of y'all fluffs with shakey knees and winks.
comes back still a bit angry but in fresh new clothes and not covered in glass or alcohol.
slides into Kinen's spot, pushing him aside.
murrrrrs and wags his tail.
rubs against.
pets and scriches .
barks softly and wags his tail.
hops onto sofa and curls against.
 I smile, pet you and yawn..
yawns also and closes his eyes.
 Closes my eyes and leans my head back..
the tall wolf randomly said and went to bed.
Cant actually manage to get to sleep..
lays on top of you and blocks you from your irregulary unscheduled program..
 Pets you softly..
 Pinches your nips..
 Is totally confused..
 Is licked by Dax, Pets him softly and smiles a bit..
bounces in your lap..
 Winces a little, my pants having my naughty bits off to an awkward angle..
 Shoves you off..
lands face first and starts to whimper..
 Leand over picking you you ..
 My ears fold back and i do infact look very sad and sorry..
stands back up and dusts his jumpsuit off before walking over to take a seat a few feet away..
 My head haings ..
hops up and pounces Remo again..
 Is pounced on again..
 Throws up hands and rolls my eyes..
 Sighs and reaches up planting both my paws on your ass..
moves your hands away..
rolls off of you..
humps a pillow.
looks over at you.
turns around and sits down, curiously looking at you.
turns back towards his room to retrieve his bag of junk.
rolls for initiative.
Mik's ears perk up.
gets his phone out and plays Spanish music.
take sip of his coffee gently while listen to conversation.
choke coffee then cough.
continues picking bullet bits out of Dax and dropping them in an ash tray.
blushes and hugs back tightly.
murrs from the licking, ears lowered, and then leans over to reply to Mik.
goes to shake your paw.
shakes with a wingarm.
wingarms fold onto his back, the claws resting on his sholders.
walk past Dax and unknown guy to the pool.
enthusiastically shakes paw.
drink his cup of tea.
walks in through the gate and sits down by the pool on a sun chair.
sniffs Donte.
sniffs adrian.
scoots closer to kinen .
walks up to the pool and takes off his shirt, revealing a thin furry wolf body. he dives into the water and paddles over to Sett before splashing him with a bit of water playfully.
splashes around in the pool.
places his paw on your face to quiet you down.
squishes the nose and tongue in his paw.
stomps on you.
sits down on a pool chair.
sniffs princess harlem.
he got up and sat by Dax's side.
is outside, peeking through a window while watching closely.
quickly hides, my ear tips still visible and twitching.
is hiding in a bush and not moving or saying anything, ear tips still visible.
crawls out of the bush and hugs your leg.
sniffs as well and boops your nose with mine.
grabs your waist and pulls myself in.
is sitting between 2 people, naked and looking in your eyes without saying anything.
nods slowly while staring in your big blue eyes.
pads over to you and sits down on your lap.
lays down next to you.
murrs and pushes my head in your rubbing paw.
glares at you, a little bit scared.
bites your booping finger and growls.
jumps and claws at you, hardly biting down on your hand.
quicky burries in your fur and hides.
struggles and growls furiously while looking at you.
clenches my teeth and tries to bite you.
runs around the room booping noses.
screams in excitement.
pokes it, twirling it a little bit.
 wiggles it  then pops it off.
tilts head to the side.
sneaks around in the room and watches people.
he looked up and closed the notebook.
he opened the notebook again and wrote more.
sneaks up behind you as close as possible, reading the notebook as you can slightly feel my breath.
lays my head down on your shoulder and smiles.
licks your blushing cheeks while sitting behind you.
whispers from behind.
whispers again and comes closer, rubbing my body against yours.
neo looked at Shepry.
lays down on your lap and curls up, murring and rubbing against you.
smiles and pushes in your paw.
hands the notebook to you.
nuzzles your neck and nibbles it a bit.
growls and plants myself on his shorts.
claws at you.
growls and grunts furiously.
looks at neo, whimpering a little.
is sitting in your lap and burries my head in your neck fur.
licks your chin and rubs myself against your chest.
He reach under his cloak to reveal a necklace.
nods and blushes a little bit.
shakes my head and hugs you tightly.
wraps my arms around your neck.
wraps my legs around your waist.
is under the couch, spying you people.
vanishes under the couch.
red eyes are staring at you.
is under the couch.
growls and grunts at you, staring with my red eyes.
crawls back under the couch.
hugs neo and looks around.
red eyes are blinking at you, backing up.
bites down on your shoulder and vanishes under the couch.
glowing red eyes are looking at you from under the couch then vanish.
the red eyes reappear, looking at you.
my eyes widen as I try to pull you off, clawing at your chest and belly.
grabs onto rexs legs dragging him under the couch with me.
quickly crawls under a seat.
is staring at dex.
my eyes are tilting to the left and right as a quiet growl is heard.
eyes go over to rex.
vanishes under the seat and yells in pain.
roars and jumps at Rex, pinning him down and growling.
pinns your hands down and holds them, hardly pushing my forehead against yours.
vanishes under a table.
follows you upstairs and hides under your bed.
hides under your bed and watches.
quietly crawls out from under the bed and then under your blanket.
crawls around you, sniffing your body.
sniffs and licks your crotch region, then curls up next to you.
ears perk and twitch, crawling down stairs on all fours and looking at dex.
growls quietly and sniffs at your legs.
jumps up on the bar and sniffs at your face, taking a lick here and there.
nuzzles your neck and nibbles on it.
now sniffs at your crotch region and backs up a bit.
bumps it with my nose.
takes a slow lick at it.
murrs and suckles on the top of your sheath.
uses My long tongue to enter your sheath and wraps it around your hidden cock.
covers it in my lightly green saliva and takes the tip in my maw.
licks up your pre, then turns around and spreads my butt cheeks and places your tip at my hole.
sits down on your cock, inserting your tip in my hole as my own glowing member is sliding out of my sheath.
my knot us imaging inside if my sheath as I owe my eyes and go deeper, then roll out my tongue. It's dripping saliva on my semi erect cock.
feels your cock throbbing inside of my hole, then the cum shooting in my hole.
gets off your cock and vanishes under the couch.
crawls out from under the couch, through the doors and in the pool.
sticks out my head and watches the two people talking and chatting, myself quiet and not making any noises to stay quiet and unseen.
is at the other side of the pool, my fur changed to a light blue and slowly comes closer.
is a young lonely cat, wandering, looking for a female friend to spend his time with.
slowly crawls in your direction and sniffs at the blood.
jumps on your lap and licks your face while smiling and tilting my head.
happily licks up the blood from your face and chomps the human parts.
eyes are flickering red, still licking the blood.
lets it happen and sniffs at the blood on your back.
curls up in your lap, my body rubbing against the blood.
nibbles on your blood drenched fur and licks it off.
licks your chin happily.
shakes my head.
my eyes blink as I see it, jumps and grabs it then curls up in a corner and loudly and angrily eats it.
hides in a cardboard box.
ears are pointing out of the box.
closes the box and doesn't move.
the feral having heard her species name yelled out came padding in, she looks around for the person who say bear. "Is a bear here?".
the large feral brown bear wiggles her stub tail. "Cool another burr".
hides in a cardboard box.
sticks my head out and looks at dax, smiling.
crawls over to you and flops on my back.
happily licks your face.
shakes my head, sticking out my tongue.
shakes my head while sticking out my tongue.
humps your leg.
stops and looks around as I hear another voice and crawl under the couch.
walk to dax while see shep hide under the couch.
growls as you get closer to dax.
cross arms as see shep growl at me.
kneel front of Shepry.
claws at you.
move away quick without get scratch.
is still growling, my red eyes flickering between you two.
cross legs as watch shepry with my blue eyes.
walks up behind Kai* what are you guys doing? *looks at the crazed looking Shepry.
growls furiously.
look back at Mik.
raises paw from under the couch.
His ears perk up as he hears the word "dom".
blinks eyes and tilt his head.
walk to pool quietly.
Isnt take yet either.
hugs your snout.
humps your snout.
Looks around at everyone. Once determining its safe i transform into my 4-legged, feral form. I am now roughly the size of a kitten.
i pick you up gently and nuzzes you.
walks in and notices the cute kitty.
yawns as sit by pool and he put his legs in the water.
purrrs loudly and lets out a soft vibration.
i rub your body gently and smiles.
purrrs a little louder and lets off a small squeak.
jumps down from day's maw and lands in the pool.
bats at his yarnball and attacks and jumps and flails around it.
rolls around playfully on his back.
looks at Dax.
comes out of the pool and crawls up dax's body.
climbs into your maw.
curls up and sleeps.
Continues to wander around looking for a cute lady to be my mistress/owner. I hope that th cuteness of my feral form will attract someone, after all, in my feral form im practically a kitten.
gives up looking for now and just decides to play with his yarn ball.
waves at @Foxtrotcherry before eyeing the yarn ball flying*   YARN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *Flails excitedly, chasing after the yarn.
attacks the yarn ball and noms on it occasionally.
purrs and mews at the pats and follows J.D to the couch where i sit down and look up at him.
lays down happily on J.D's lap and purrs loudly as he is spoiled, I occasionally nuzzle a little harder into the petting paws.
remains in your lap and gladly accepts any form of attention he is given.
waves a paw at @Foxtrotcherry .
waves at @Rawku .
hides behind chair from trolls.
flops down on Hindai's lap with a soft purr.
lets out a soft murr and i melt in pleasure.
is unable to move and can do nothing else but sit there and purr loudly.
continues to purr loudly and occasionally lets out a soft murr.
rolls onto his side and stretches out on your lap.
rolls onto his side and stretches out on your lap.
gazes over at Ryan.
looks around for some sort of attention, noticing Trevor wiping down the bar, then goes to a barstool to sit down.
hides under the couch and is spying you people.
sneaks up behind you.
flops into the room.
everyone would soon hear a loud radio playing from upstairs. The lithe blue dragon coming downstairs singing with the music.
dances up to the bar grabbing a large bottle of coconut rum before dancing back upstairs to whatever party he was having waving a hello and goodbye as he does.
hides in my cardboard box.
stepping into the bar, he looks around after his bit of time away, giving a soft annoyed sigh at the mess he sees as the azure fur on his paws starts to glow, looking at the chairs with new stains and the bar counter and floor beneath with rather unpleasant deep red marks.
starts to rub his temple, shaking his muzzle in almost disbelief which was really something to achieve from someone who had accidentally seen so much* That is not sex, that is blood. *pointing to the floor beneath the counter he gives a soft growl as the paws flare brighter, starting to give off more azure light than natural in the room.
growls as he sits down at a nearby clean table, probably the only one in the establishment as he sighs loudly, his eyes closing as he just imagines all the trouble it will be to get dried blood out of wood, small pinnacles of light beginning to form around the room at random.
the pinacles of light begin to coalesce into the center of the room, becoming darker as they build together, and you see it begin the swallow the light in the room as he shakes his head.
the dark spinning circle finally manifests completely in, and the room becomes dim, hardly visible as what you realize is an artificial black hole starts to go around the bar, gently touching up the furniture as only the stains are pulled out and into the black abyss, the tolf still staring into his lap.
looking up from his lap, he looks around the room before realizing that it's dark now, blinking his eyes as he tries to adjust to the dim light before seeing the black twisting energy revolve around the bar.
he shrugs at Miks comment, just glad that whatever it is was taking care of the problem and soon the stains had been removed from the bar, before the swirling vortex blinks out of existence once more and he sighs in relief.
he laughs and waves his paw at you, the fur now back to it's dull azure color* The bar isn't a sex lounge I'll have you know. We just allow sex. *he smiles at you and shrugs.
standing up as he gives a nod, smiling over at Kinen and giving him a wave.
he shrugs, smiling as he walks over to a couch and sits down with a loud yawn.
rolling his eyes and giving a low chuckle* People always so secretive... There aren't that many things that are to be kept in the dark you know~ *his tone was teasing, turning to Callie and waving.
he gives Trevor a smile, shaking his head* "Friendly" is a word that is rather set to a standard of culture... Some times would consider Mercenaries to be the friendliest of anyone. *turning to Flare, his paw gives a wave, tail wagging slowly.
he smiles warmly, looking around the bar for emphasis* Better now, when I came in this place was... *he shudders and shakes his head.
chuckles and waves around the bar* Blood free now. Some weird black energy took care of all of it, thank the gods. *looking at the dress quizzically, he studies it, tail waving thoughtfully in the silent moments before speaking.
standing there in a bit of confusion, he shakes his head and blinks a few times* W-... wouldn't that just be a calf-length dress then?... Why tea-length? I mean, if someone who had tea legs invented it I could understand... *he pondered on that last thought, his azure paws glowing slightly as the curiosity glows before he shakes off the idea.
tail waving he gives a smile to Callie and Flare* I think ill head to the pool myself... Need a quiet place to read. *walking over to the bar, he grabs one of the many books he noticed in the lost and found* If anything happens let me know. *spinning on his heel, he pads quietly away to the pool area.
he turns back, his paws already glowing slightly as he nods* Ill be at the bottom of the pool if you want to cone visit. I'm sure ill fall asleep down there as well. Feel free to dive down and say hello! *he opens the door to the pool, letting it close behind him as his tail disappears from view.
crawls ontop of dax and curls up on him.
snuggles into your chest.
snuggles the heck out of dax's chest.
the scene inside the pool shifts once more, the surface of it still as liquid and malleable as ever as the army scatters from the center of the combat field, a large orb of water rising before sculpting itself into the form of a large dragon in comparison to the small fragile liquid bodies of the figures, the scaled being swooping down as it shoots its flames in the form of the water being used, destroying some of the miniature men as the two armies turn onto the new foe, neither side being dampened in their spirit.
the dragon flew across the water-scaped battlefield, tearing into the miniscule men with it's talons as they tried their best to shoot arrows into its armored hide, yet to no avail as the dragon unleashed a second breath across the combatants, incinerating more of the unprotected soldiers as both sides collapsed further into eachother, seeking solace in numbers as the dragon swooped high above the pool, clearly drawing in a deeper large breath as it prepared to finish the brave victims off, turning it's head down as it divebombed towards the army, before a small thin barrier of water formulated over the unit of helpless fighters, the dragon quickly veering away from the bubble before unleashing it's breath, only causing the watery fire to bounce off the sphere and make it ripple.
blinking a bit, he rubs the back of his head.
he shrugged awkwardly, blushing a bit at his overactive imagination as he smiles at Flare* Yeah since last night. It's quiet under the water, so it's a rather good place to read I've found. I guess if you guys want to swim this air bubble would be rather annoying huh?... *his tail waved behind him, rather curious about the scenery he caused and wishing he could have seen it himself.
he nods at Xyph, tail curling up excitedly.
Pads around in the shadows as he sneaks to the pool and jumps in swimming around.
he shivers as the images run around in his mind, piecing them together before barely feeling the snowcat pull away as he purrs deeply, a wide smile on his muzzle as he gives the other feline a thankful kiss on his cheek.
 blushing deeply at the comments and the kiss, scratching my own head again in embaressment before grinning and picking the snowcat up, the white spot-mottled fur instantly drying out at my touch as I walk towards the end of the pool while the water keeps its distance, giving him a gentle nuzzle to his neck as I pad up the shallow side of the pool and across the deck, soon we find ourselves at the spa, chuckling softly as he smiles at Flare* I took your friend away, my apologies. I'll have to catch up with my little snowcat here later. *gently I set Xyph down, tail wagging slowly, in an apologetic fashion.
winks back at tailhoel.
rams ovipistor into ur spicy shitter and eggs it up harder than a than a balanced breakfast.
bucks hops into u and pumps u full of bird lings.
slaps ur fanny and pulls out ur ass is dripping with egg yolk.
Roars and slams into u again* I'll make u bird-brained fox bish * slams u into ground grabbing ur tails.
cue all other rpers feeling insolent and underperforming.
tries to sound humble XD.
checks pipboy.
cautiously stares at the tails.
sits on couch while struggling to keep my eyes open.
falls asleep.
 Walks in to the large living room once more and flops on my usual spot. I sight deeply the soft cutions of the dark gerrn leather sofa alowing my back to relax as i layed down..
 I move my legs so that you are able to sit down on the sofa..
 I say giving a soft smile..
walk down the stair and stretches arms.
he looks down at the 30ft husky.
wave his paw at them and walk to the couch.
 Thinks Godzill V.s Mothra thoughts..
stand by the couch and rubs my eyes.
 I smile up at you ..
chuckles softly.
 I sigh and get up walking in to the locker room aria. YOu would hear the shower start up..
about forty five minutes later I come out of the locker room damp and clean. I tie my long black hair up on a top knot and I wonder back up to my little room to find the clean clothes I had forgotten to bring down with me. .
 Desiding to go with only a pair of black cut off shorts i come back down the stairs all brushed and nice, I flop back on the sofa and flip on the T.V..
Lurks in the shadows towards the fridge, hoping to be unseen as he tries to grab a snack.
 Covers my ears at the lout bark i turn up the volume on the telivision. Bat-Man is on..
drink mocha as relax by fridge and not notice borf next to me.
He opens the fridge and steals a bottle of water and then sneaks off, back to his room.
 I yell playfully..
His tail stiffens and he then runs to his room, locking the door behind him, sitting down and sipping his water.
He looks at the door and sips his water, his foot tapping before he dragged several items to the door to blockade.
 I chuckle a little..
He sits on his bed and sighs before picking up a book and he begins to read.
 I speak a little louder..
He closes the book and moves to his desk, grabbing his sketchbook.
 I giggle a bit..
 I call in the order for four large Pizzas..
 Puts in the order For the cheese and Pepperoni that you wanted and i add olives to mine..
 The order ut in we now wait and i move down to the living room once more..
 Takes off my little black shorts..
chuckles softly.
extends a friendly paw to you.
sits on your belly with room for hunter.
gags at the word, pulls out a bottle of whiskey and smacks it over his own head instantly knocking himself out.
walks over to the unconscious dragon and drags him into a bush.
body convulses before exploding into a mess of scales and confetti..
has since reformed himself seeing the drunk deer and grins diving behind a couch and starts throwing rings at him trying to get them on his antlers.
snickers and keeps throwing rings before running out and going to help the drunk up. Dragging him to a more balanced seat at the couch.
 Dressed in black jeans and a black T-shirt i flop on my usual spot. now laying in the empty sof i stretch out and relax..
 Seeing that the other person was busy, I keep silent and yawn deeply slicking back my long black hair..
 I wave back and smile in return..
smiles as I put the notebook in my messenger bag.
blushes feeling embarrassed.
blushes more as I cover my semi erection with a pillow.
 Giggles a bit noticing..
blushes again.
 I grin a bit..
smirks a little as I get in up and walk over, then sit next to you.
 I sit up and lay my head down in your lap when you sit down..
soon the crunching of popcorn is heard from the opposite corner of the room.
 Shrugs and smiles just jaying my head in the others lap for the time being..
 I purr loudly..
continues petting.
 Smiles and closes my eyes likeing the atention..
 Nibbles your belly..
 Nuzzles you a little closing my eyes and relaxing..
looks over and admires all of the cuteness.
i adjust us so we lay down together.
 Nuzzles your neck and smiles..
 My turn to blush i lick yours in return..
 Runs my paws up your shirt and rubs your chest softly..
 I grin a little and nibble your chin..
hugs random people.
licks all over your face.
jumps on your back and licks between your ears.
nibbles on your head fur.
sits down on your shoulders and grabs your ears, pulling them to the left and right like a steering wheel.
keeps going and sticks out my tongue.
lays my head down on yours and stops.
is on your back.
licks between your ears.
nibbles on your outer ear.
shakes my head and sits down on your maw.
rubs your snout.
tilts my head and looks confused.
follows you in your room.
waving at the new comer as he walks into the bar area, he raises an eye a bit at the attire and smiles.
tail looping around a glass as he picks up a bottle of rum and a can of coke, he mixes the two within the snifter glass before sliding it to the patron.
extending a paw covered in azure fur he smiles warmly.
giving a small eep as he's patted on his hind, his tail curls around his waist as he shoots Hindai a leer, turning back to the otterburr and blushing a bit* Exploring can be fun I've found in my travels. Plenty of ways to relax around here, depending on who you want to carry off. *letting out a small chuckle he pulls his paw away and moves to put away the rum and coke.
he waves at Trevor as he walks into the room, his gaze turning to the now standing male, smiling as he watches the otterburr stretch and giving a small whistle before cutting it off himself and clearing his throat, tail wagging as he shifts his attention back to the lynx.
giving a soft murr back at the cop, he waves at him as he watches him walk back upstairs, purring just slightly as he turns his gaze back to the room, spying the other feline at the door and giving him a welcoming wave before turning back to Svel.
he smirks a bit, giving a low appreciative murr as he looks over you once more* Change?... Man if that's your attire for everyday, I'd love to see your swimwear... *he turned to the newest guest, smiling widely even with a bit of a blush at his own remark* We are open all night coincidentally. There are enough rather... *ponders how to put it* Unfathomable people who frequent this bar to be too worried about a late night robbery. *he gestures to the seat in front of him at the bar, then to the door next to the counter.
smiling at Hunter, his tail sways a bit as he winks* Just strip, the only pool rule is no sex afterall~ *he laughs as he walks after Hindai into the pool room, just in time to watch his nude form dive into the water as he gives an ever appreciative murr, settling his back against a nearby wall as he purrs gently.
off in the distance the pool goers would start hearing a rather faint almost whistle sound. slowly getting louder with each second until finally it turns into the obvious sound of someone or something screaming in joy. until with a rather loud splash and practically out of nowhere koda, the rather insane moon dragon cannonballs into the pool before splatting against the bottom of the deep end dazing himself for a good few minutes, not really needing to breath he just stays at the bottom of the pool. after a few minutes he resurfaces grinning like a dumbass having literally cannonballed from a few hundred feet up..
swims around the water slowly chilling to a rather pleasant temperature in the hot sun as he grins like a fool* hehehehe...sorry...i wanted to see what would happen...though...gonna need to build up my ice coating on my scales after that stunt....*he says lifting an arm as the blue cracks and splinters off him. showing white underneath. the ice coating on him giving the dragon the blue hue and showing he was rather pale and white underneath. pale as moonlight..
chuckling as he starts stripping down out of his bartenders suit, whistling at the jaguar loudly with a deep murr before he takes his pants off, left in only his mesh boxer briefs that barely obscure himself as he quickly jumps into the water, clearly embaressed as his azure paws glow softly, keeping his fur completely dry as he swims over to Hindai.
he giggles softly as he watches the displays around him, an idle paw rubbing Hindai's chest, though clearly visible from it's glowing as his tail wraps around the dogs waist, looking over at Mik* Everyones in a pool and nude or nearly so, I think it's a fair assumption to swim around and cop a few feels. *he snickers as he takes his own advice, groping Hindai playfully before swimming away.
giving a soft eep of surprise at how quickly he's pulled back into the dogs embrace he blushes deeply, greatfully giving him a kiss back as he groans from the paw between his leg, only making him rub Hindai's own orbs, feeling them roll between his paws as he presses closer to the canine.
ear horns perk up hearing his name catching the last bit of it* wait...what....i don't...i was just gonna float here and enjoy the cool water. *stammers out a bit embarrassed at hindai's words.
groaning softly as he feels the dogs digit being pressed under his tail, his back arching against him as he starts to stroke the canines sheath, pressing deeper into the kiss as his tongue brushes against Hindai's, tasting his muzzle as he murrs loudly against the other male.
jumps on the couch. Watching tv. A honey pot in my hand eating.
a soft thud is heard as koda lands smiling as always in the back yard next to the pool opening his eyes and letting out a greeting before seeing the chaos of whatever was going on* hey guydaa....fuck....what the hell is going on? *he says looking around hearing flare's 'stop that' comment not wasting time to figure out the full extent of the situation as he drops to all fours opening his jaws and releasing a cold fog from his dragon glands. the fog would slow things down but not really able to do much more than that as he started to try and asses what was going on and who needed help the most..
koda having seen flare and not the other had started running over to see if he could help, his wings helping t o propel him a bit faster in his run quickly grabbing at a large tentacle, doing his best not to show he was kinda enjoying the sight. a call for help was a call for help and dragons were fiercly loyal to that call. reaching a clawed hand out to the female eyeing the weird looking tentacle rubbing over her and doing his best not to stare at her chest, a slight flush to his cheeks.
he states reaching the other hand to grasp the squirming thing as his blue hand turns darker blue freezing solid as he tries to freeze the tentacle to get it off. but it doesn't freeze like normal, the day too hot and the moon dragon's powers not fully recharged..
the dragon not really knowing how much help he could and still a bit flustered reaches a paw again towards flare grabbing the tentacle closest to him pulling with all his strength as he has an idea, large wings pounding as he takes flight, using his feet as leverage to lift himself and the slippery thing. "maybe if i could fly up far enough i can pull the creature out of the pool?" he thought to himself, beating his wings hard straining as best he could.
he cursed softly..
koda was now physically straining, the blue color seeming to literally melt off him, the moon dragon having a ice coating over his scales which was where the coloring came from as it reveals underneath the ice was a white dragon. he keeps pulling, all his might going into it trying to be helpful but being one being against something obviously larger than himself it was proving futile..
He practically shouts wings still pounding and beating against the air but the dragon was not moving anymore.
hearing the explosions and feeling a sudden release of the tentacle currently in his own paws. koda howls out cursing rather loud expletives.
he says as the built up momentum that he'd been exerting trying to get the thing out of the pool had instead shot him straight up in the air holding the slimey piece in his hand. though not having control of his flight pattern at the suddenness of it he ends up flying sideways and slamming into the side of the building groaning as he knocks the wind out of himself. having hit directly on his body instead of being absorbed by the ice coating that normally protected him..
the dragon's eyes widen as clawed hands desperately start pulling at the tentacle constantly shouting a nope over and over again as he fights desperately with it each time getting a hold on it it'd wiggle out, but he manages to get enough time as he forms a rather massive ice barrier over his dragon slit keeping that area nice and safe for the time being..
sighing in relief watching the tentacle squirm away koda takes a moment to right himself, the white parts showing slowly turning blue as he gathers what little ice control he has left before rushing back to flare, looking to her to see if he could somehow help still. the thought of a tactical retreat still in his mind as he shakes it away watching a flush returning to his face as the tentacles start undulating and pulsing inside her, wondering exactly what that meant..
he asks frantically to flare..
stepping into the bar, he takes a look around and blinks a few times as he drops his bag of groceries to the floor and sighs loudly* I... Have to clean... All of this up... Are you fucking serious? *he growls in deep frustration, wondering how the hell it can go from blood all over the bar that he had already cleaned up to the damaged mess that this once fine establishment has become.
still standing near flare, he reaches down lifting her body up and helping her to walk as he brings the two in to the main bar, carrying flare over to the bar and looking around. his wings wrapped around her to protect some dignity of hers seeing as she no longer had any clothes on. looking to avrus.
his paws flaring a bright blue, silk covers the wuffita, dyed in rich royal purple and gilded in gold lace as the kimono takes form over her, shaking his head as the wood around the room slowly repairs itself one splinter at a time as he picks up the poor girl.
hands flare off to avrus sitting down with a fwoomp on a barstool reaching over and grabbing a bottle of rum and downing it in one quick motion before face planting into the bar, a rather visible dragon face shaped dent in the bar from where he'd done it numerous times..
walking to a couch, the sofa itself quickly puts itself back into shape as he sets Flare down on it, his ears folding a back in worry.
lifts his head from the bar lookin back at avrus and flare.
slowly processing what Koda had told him as he looks at Flare, the wuffita uncharacteristically scared and quiet as he growls, a bit of anger rising as a pulse of azure light seems to radiate from his paws, spreading out across the bar and then even further, until it's gone. Unbeknownst to everyone, somewhere in the realities a tentacle beast Avrus once met had just stopped existing, the matter a moot point as the glowing paws embrace the wuffita, covering her muzzle with his chest as the two seem to become a little less focused, shifting from this reality a bit to give Flare some privacy and protection.
he slowly pet her fur, the lack of knowledge of what had happened preventing him from doing much of anything as he comforted the wuffita, the paws flaring brighter as a cyan pillow takes shape beneath Flares head, and a royal purple blanket covers her over the kimono she was already wearing. The couch re-manifests itself into a bed fit for a princess, the frame made out of platinum and embedded with turqoise and amethysts while the mattress itself felt like air beneath the tired girl, the tolf giving his friend a gentle lick across her cheek* Sorry I wasn't here... This is a bit of my fault isn't it? *he chuckled to himself, though it's quite half-hearted and certainly not his usual care-free self.
a rather dark azure glow surrounds your body as he blinks in confusion, flowing through you as it pours energy into you, every ounce of your strength returning as if you had just gotten the best night of sleep in your life as he nuzzles your neck apologetically, still phased out into a different reality from everyone else.
I sit on a lounge chair watching it all. Eating popcorn, shirtless, with blue shorts on. My glasses dark covering my eyes from there amazement from being revealed. I watch all the action, being entertained as it's like a movie.
he growls deeply, putting two and two together as the the azure glow shines fiercly, the two blinking out of existence as somewhere even more tentacle beasts blink out of existence, the glow focusing more as he tunes into Flares thoughts, his rage building to fuel the power as he can't help but imagine how his friend must have felt, his voice echoing in her mind.
delving deeper into the swarm of realities they were already swimming in, the glow focused in on Flares thoughts, slowly stretching from her temple down until it engulfed her body, heeding to the angry tolf's desires to help his friend as it sought out to comfort the wuffita in the only way possible, the being in question vanishing without a trace as the power traced back its steps, even forcing Flare and Avrus to forget that the thing had ever existed inside her and had brought them to this point, causing blank spots in her and his memory before the glow cuts out, the two ending up back in the bar, Flare still laying on the rather well adorned bed in her kimono as the tolf rubs Flares shoulder.
he chuckles gently, glancing down across the wuffita and smiling* Well... I got you a new bed? *he laughed gently, his tail wagging behind him.
he rubs the back of his head thoughtfully, lip curled a bit as he tries his hardest to think of what to ask for before he blinks a bit, an idea forming.
he cocks his head* What? Are tablecloths that expensive?... *he ponders thoughtfully* I mean, I guess new napkins? I don't know, what does a platinum gemmed bed frame cost? I know metals and gemstones I don't sell them! *he exclaims in an exasperated tone, ears falling back apologetically.
he squeezes her paw back, tail waving as he hmphs to himself* Okay uhm... Curtains too then? Sheer ones that make the light amber as well? Wood looks so much more rustic and nice under a controlled lighting... That's equal. *he nods assuredly, in his mind everything making complete and total equal value.
glancing over at Kaze, he notices the blood trickling, blinking a bit before grabbing a bar rag and holding it out to him* Really should clean that up... *he turns to Mina, still holding the rag out as he notices the... thing next to her.
he chuckles softly, walking back to Flare as he nods at Mina* Well, I guess as long as he doesn't tear apart the new curtains and table cloths. *he plops himself back down next to the wuffita, rubbing her back gently.
he laughs gently at that, shaking his head* I see... I've met enough pets in my travels to know that might not always be true but I give them all the benefit of the doubt! *his tail wags a bit as he looks over to the hooded figure* And you might be? *he calls out to him.
raising an eye at the rather heavy display of bravado, he chuckles a bit as he looks toward the trash.
he growls a bit, standing up as he goes behind the bar, grabbing a glass and filling it with water before splashing it onto the smug fur with a big smirk.
 is sitting in the background covering his muzzle as do a air snap.
he smiles, grabbing another glass as he fills it with ice before dumping it into your lap.
callie pops up from behind the bar , giggling at the display before her, her fennec easy glowing from her amusement * nice one avrus do it again that was funny and need a laugh  * says the little bartender as she begins to pour a drink.
giving a more than heart-warming smile at the girl, he takes the glass and fills it with more ice, before pouring whiskey over it and sliding it down to her.
he shrugs at the stag, grabbing the third glass of the hour as he pours in a mixture of applejack, lemon juice, and grenadine before sliding it to him* Whatever the hell a tip is... You could try asking normally for a drink y'know. *he takes the hundred dollar note, dipping into the kitchen to hand it to Mina before he walk back out to the bar.
she perks and eyebrow up at the stats choice of clothing, he may be proud but still * do you pants run away or something? *she shouts out from behind the bar, ready to use avrus as shield should the need arise.
he whistles a bit, eyes raising once more as his tail flicks behind him* Well... touch... That could be hard if you were a bit less of an asshole after all. *he laughs a bit, before he leans on the bar counter with a grin, feeling Callie behind him.
he laughs a bit, enjoying the rather fresh forward tone of the stag as he warms up to him a bit, tail wagging.
callie looks up at Alicia, seeing that she looks a bit down* what's on your mind Hun ?* she says softly so only Alicia and avrus would hear it .
he smiles warmly from behind the bar, giving a greeting to all those who walked in before his paws glow a soft azure light, Mina finally being back meaning he could actually take a break as his bartenders attire shifts into a bright pink rough-knit henley tee, the buttons a deep sea-blue and his pants turning into canvas khaki colored shorts, feetpaws left bare as he takes a seat at a table and observes.
Callie walks up with a curious expression and begins to sniff around a little bit baffled at the smell and sight before her, her ears starting to glow once again, this time, to indicate she is thinking.
stumbles over to a barstool and pounds the counter, wondering if anyone is working the bar.
pounces onto her lap out of nowhere .
she nuzzles into yoir neck , letting out a happy yip.
she pulls back and gives a little nod before moving her muzzle back into your neck and begins to softly nibble, her ears glowing bright pink with excitement and tail swishing .
 she says in a rush , blush coating her face while a the fennec stumbles over her words .
walks into the kitchen and the noise of kitchen knifes being sharpened are heard. I begin shopping up fish and vegetables.
I begin to soak the salmon in lemon juice. So focused on cutting the herbs I don't here anyone enter the kitchen. I begin to hum a tune of a song I heard. Giving a little dance as I start preparing the eal skin.
grabs a salmon filet and devours it raw.
his ears perk up as hear sound from the vent while lay on his bed all alone.
laughs historically.
skitters off hoping everyone just accepts I'm making a joke.
I yawn. Bored of being in my room. I start to set off to the pool. In my undergarments. I lay down on the lounge chair. Taking in the relaxation of the peace and quiet of the facility. I slowly fall asleep there.
whisper in ben's ear, "why not be gangbang..?" He step back to room faster.
also welcomes the new comer.
lifts his head from the bar* hope your house can fit a 30ft behemoth of a cuddle slut *he says teasingly towards dax.
smiles and waves a clawed paw at the newcomer welcoming.
sit by mik and kiro while take sip of water.
the blue dragon responds kindly turning back to the bar and dropping his face right back in the dragon shaped hole on the bar.
the lithe dragon moans and groans from his slumber lifting his head blinking his eyes* what who when where....*he stammers looking to his glass of water splashing it on himself to wake himself more.
he lets out a soft thank-you sipping this glass* ah...no.im good. Thick ice coverings help protect me from injury. Is also why there's a rather familiar shaped dent here *he chuckles rubbing his head apologetically. Stretching and yawning as ice mist comes from his mouth stopping when he finishes stretching.
eyes flare knowing she means well but can't help but chuckle as he points at the glass of ice cubes as the cubes slowly lift up out of the glass before molding together and than into a small stick figure who dances around for a bit. After tiring of that I form the ice into a flower rubbing a claw over it making the ice turn to hard ice ensuring it'd never melt.
He says standing up and stretching one more time ear horns perking as he hears the newcomer waving a quick hello.
a large roar could be heard from the top of the steps as Koda the dragon appears stretching and yawning heavily taking a step but not fully awake as he instead misses the step and soon is tumbling down the stairs groaning when he gets to the bottom his scales looking cracked as the ice protection normally around his body had taken all if the damage. The cracks quickly vanish as he hops up hoping nobody saw that.
grumbles and dusts himself off.
waves and joins flare at the bar* hey kaze how're ya today. *He smiles leaning against the bar rather than sitting today.
he said politely to the wuffita..
I say smiling up at the large canine.
the dragon thanks flare as he starts weaving the liquids into ice smiling as the tomatoes juice flows in one of them like blood. He dances them around for a bit than snickers as the Cesar ice man is stabbed in the back as he lets out a higher pitch "et tu brutus" before laughing letting everything shatter to the bar. After a bit he grabs some napkins to clean his mess up.
grins mischievously as a finger points at an ice cub turning it semi liquid as it travels over and lands right where the otterburr would sit snickering to himself.
snickers more* you may be a shaman but I'm already covered in ice *he says happily as the liquid absorbs Into his chest.
he offers his full name as the. otterburr was a shaman and should recognize the two words and transportation.
smiles with a bit of a blush* yeah...one of the lasts. Ice helps us breath in space so just figured it'd be easier to disguise myself in full body ice. *The area that had chipped off showing the moon white scale coloring underneath.
smiles closing his eyes and shaking the paw extended to him. The other paw weaving some more ice down the otterburr shorts hoping to catch him off guard.
laughs nearly falling from his own seat thoroughly satisfied at his trickery before seeing the male advancing at him jumping up wings flapping and soon hanging from the rafters* flaaarrreeeee help he's gonna melt me *says laughing still.
hisses and pulls his tail up closer at the flame* back demon back I say *he says playing along though his grip was starting to falter.
let's out a yelp as for the second time today the dragon found himself falling landing with a grunt before laughing as he sits back up. His eyes glancing at the crawling figure assessing if he was truly injured or not before throwing a pout back at flare.
I stretch smiling as I hold out a paw a large ice crystals forming as the dragon turns fully white pouring all of his magic into it than offering to the otterburr* here ya go friend not sure how much it'll help but you're welcome to try. Just...don't break that please. *I say smiling as I start panting from the heat no longer covered in ice.
mewls happily feeling the cold returning as white scales go back to blue .
I smile closing my eyes enjoying the rubbing before going rigid tail wagging as I get a great idea. Reaching up to a horn as ice gathers around it, a claw tracing the base as it splits off in my paw making a hollow horn shape. My next move bringing it to my lips as I breath a deep snowy breath into the horn making a blizzard inside than sealing the top making it a solid piece and presenting it to the otterburr shaman wiggling.
yips at the hug blushing as he hugs back.
a deep blush hits the dragon his cheeks going purple from the mix of red and blue as he stammers a bit off guard* I..ugh...I'm...uh...maybe....I mean...I *he says squirming heavily still being rubbed by the otterbear.
nods and blushes more.
he says trying to make it seem like that was the only reason he was interested and not because he was a bit infatuated..
lets out a mewl as his ear horn is nibbled sending a shiver up his spine. the flexible and expressive horn very sensitive to the blue dragon blushing hottly at the teasing tone of the otterbear now practically hugging on his body..
he asked shyly smaller paws rubbing meekly up and down the leather vest. enjoying the texture.
the dragon yelps as he's swatted on the rump stumbling forward blushing heavily at the words spoken directly into his ears stammering a quick yessir. giving a fleeting look to flare with a soft almost 'what did i get myself into' look as the two disappear down the steps..
He not sure what to do..
The bad luck cat shakes his hand. Before turning and walking over to the sofa. Before tripping over his own feet and face plants..
He gets back on his feet..
gets in and goes directly to the bar.. just looking around.
goes to the bar aswell, and sits next to @Lomstat .
has ordered just a beer  greeting Kiro with a smile* hehe just got here, still a lot to read. *chuckles and gives a zip.
giggles and orders a beer.
lomstat rises his ears as soon s he hears the door open. The fox wolf hybrid greats the woflsky by rising his glass of wine, but lets her have her space.
carefully enters and goes to the bar, plopping himself down and looks a little shyly at the others there, surveying the menue up and down a little.
blushes a little, but places himself a little closer to.
looking over the menu as well, ordering a bowl of sliced apple and carrots and a ginger ale. Softly stretches forth his hand in a careful greeting* "I-I'm Morgrim, pleased to meet your sir" *, he says a little more confidently now.
the litle unicorn gives a warm smile.
looking curiously at the others around the room.
appearing from the backroom in a rather eerie silence, sliding a bowl of sliced apples and a separate plate of carrots, the apples kept together into their original shapes by the bowls walls while the carrots were stacked into five separate miniature spiral staircases, finally a glass of ginger ale joining the presentations before the tolf disappears into the back room once more.
gives a happy smile to the foxy behind the counter, a thirsty look on his face when he sees the glass* "so...ummm.. how much will it be?" *He says, cheekily.
popping his head from behind the door, he cocks his muzzle and shrugs* Uhm... Ten? *he says, the response clearly more of a question than a defined price* I just make the food and drinks, the prices are on the menu. *he chuckles awkwardly before he vanishes once more into the back room.
Puts ten rainbow-coloured sugar-trinkets in a little leather pouch and leaves it just behind the counter for the Tolf to see, then takes some hearty swigs of the ginger ale.
waves to @FlynnBrowning .
waves a little carefully.
chomps down on the apples and carrots.
slams the bar door open, humming rather cheerfully as the cold winter air suddenly blows into the warm bar, snow trailing behind the tolf as he walks in with his paws glowing as the snow starts to melt and he closes the door.
his ears perk as he listens to Miks words, giving a huff as he walks past their table and his tail grabs Miks glass, humming all the louder as he steps behind the bar and smiles warmly.
he blinks a few times, his tail curling mischeaviously as his paws glow gently* You cross this bar and grab something from it without paying and I can't be held responsible for your safety snow butt. *he turns to the new fur, chuckling.
he scoffs and grabs the coins, grinning* I am smart enough to know silver is worth something~ What would you like then? I can make anything that I've seen within the realities. *he waves at Jason as he sits at the bar.
Jason notices him as he waves at him back. His smile now fades as he looks around room curiously.
grabbing a bottle of creme da cacao, he pours it into an old-fashioned, filling it to about halfway before adding in some chocolate vodka to three-fourths full before finally adding in some fresh cream and sliding it to the sergal.
he laughs, tail swaying behind him as he takes some time to gather up the pile of stuff that Mik dumped onto the counter, placing it behind him.
yawning lightly, he starts to clean around the bar with a soft murr.
he gives a soft giggle at you both, smile turning a bit more light-hearted.
shifts body from the bar, from what would have been presumed as a deep slumber, then looks Vic dead in the eyes.
waves at his usual spot at the bar.
suddenly the building is brought to life after the silence* Looks like we're all up now. Wonderful. *i stretch myself out and follow Vic.
is laying on the bar counter and surrounded with empty glasses and bottles. After several glasses all kinds of booze I passed out, snarling and moving lightly on the bar chair.
blinks a bit as he stands behind the bar counter, watching the now nude sergal and snow leopard coming from the pool with the sharkie he had seen around but had no doubt in his mind magically appeared in said facility, shaking his head and sighing.
lets out a soft yawn as I move to one of the empty couches, flopping down onto it as I pull a blanket around my self .
wakes up from my nap looking around the dark room before rubbing my eyes, letting out a low growl I look around the dark room only seeing darkness and a few sounds.
stretches out letting my body crack and pop from being on the hard couch* man we need a new couch *mutters to my self as I look around for my flashlight to at least get a small amount of vision back besides the kitchen light .
shines the flashlight around before spotting @TheCosmicBurr.
shines the light a bit higher to not blind the canine before giving the couch a few soft smacks .
putting the flashlight down I grab onto your sides picking you up to sit on the couch .
sits on the couch wrapped in my blanket .
mik gets up on the table and starts to sing.
sneaking up behind the sergal, he yells loudly in gibberish as the bottle of smirnoff is grabbed, gently setting it onto the bar counter as he steps behind it* Don't forget to pay. *he quickly steps into the kitchen and disappears once more.
a fox-wolf hybrid enters through the main door, withh lack of energy still from just waking yp, he waves the people in the bar, but goes irectly to his table... asking for coffee.
walks down stairs as he wags his tail slowly.
He looks at the folf and smiles lightly* hello mister *He wags his tail slowly as he pads to the bar.
lomstat almosts pits his coffee, as the tiger bursts inside. He rises hisears as he slides in with whole scene. .
whines and droops.
spirts with a small spray bottle .
lets out a soft sigh as I flop down onto the cool couch only wearing panties, a tad annoyed do to the heat.
lightning crashes down, illuminating the bar in a bright white light as the electric current causes everyones fur to stand up on end, the tolf shaking his head as the aftermath of the light fades and he starts to lick his fur down blinking avidly, a fish sandwhich in hand as he holds it out to Svel.
shrugs at Svel, smiling warmly* Rush... I mean kinda, it felt more like a really heavy shower just without all the water. *turning to look at everyone in the bar, his paws glow gently as his uniform stitches itself from nothing, the regular black attire of his bartender uniform manifesting over him instead of the casual clothes he wore.
giving Flare a welcoming wave, his tail wags a bit at seeing the familiar wuffita, before his eyes trail down to the mutt with her, and he chuckles.
raising an eye questioningly, his tail thwaps gently against the base of the bar counter as he studies first Koda, then Svel before speaking* So... the big mighty moon dragon is a submissive lackey to the sun? *he points to Svel, the poor joke being made of your first introduction as a shaman and the sun being made of fire, the tolf turning as he starts mixing a drink together behind the counter, taking his time with it.
giving a soft chuckle as he turns around with the concoction in hand, sliding it down to Koda with a wide grin, the drink clearly made of crushed ice and tinted a deep blue with a lemon on top of the glass served in a poco grande glass* It's a Curacao. To celebrate your new fun life of being at the beck and call of a shaman who balances not only the elements but his sex life! After all, "tricked you" only goes so far when I'm sure you had your own intentions when you followed him. *giving a coy link to the little moon dragon he starts wiping down the bar counter as he turns to Svel.
he gives a soft smile to Koda, even giggling a bit as he hears his words* Sir?~ I don't think I've been called that while bartending before! Maybe you like the leash far more than you let on little one. *turning to Svel, the giggle turns into a laugh as he spreads his paws in a welcoming motion.
giving a soft laugh at the conversation he pours everyone a shot of whiskey, sliding the glasses down to each patron as his tail waves behind him.
I scream out loud.
I look over at you and tilt my head.
slides Sioux a large mug of honeycomb bourbon, with extra honey drizzled in to the bears tastes as he waves at the familiar muzzle.
I said as I looked around the room.
I take the mug and take a sip.
I look around to check out the situation.
 plops down in my usual spot on the green sofa.
 I wave back..
 I grin a bit and stand up..
 I sit up on the sofa and smile back..
 I get up and walk behind the bar..
 I fill up a glass with ice and soda. I walk over to you with the drink..
 I take the glass and fill it up gain for you. I slide it back across the counter..
 Chuckles  and fills my self a drink, finding my spot back on the sofa..
 I get up again and retuen a minut or so later with a beer..
 Flips hair nott looking as good as i think i do..
 I take a long pull on my beer trying not to blush..
 And spits out my beer in a spew of W, T ,F.
 Just sits and watches, Drinkin my beer..
 Finishes my beer and reclines on the sofa once more..
 I get up off the sofa again and walk to the bar.* Would anybody like anything to drink. * I put a couple of glasses on the bar looking around at everybody..
headbutts your crotch .
 Wipes down the bar and poors my self yet another beer. I let out a deep sigh as I clean up. I wash glasses and cut lemon and lime slices and put them in a little display box on the bar, anong with some fresh penuts..
Pads in carefully, stretching her arms over her head and letting out a long yawn as she shakes the sleep from her eyes* Sup everyone. *she twitched her pierced ears and took in the room and its occupants, perking up as she noted the bar.
 I say softly and with a smile as i move quickly pouring the bourbon over ice in a short glass. i set it in front of you.* No charge. * I go back to vleaning and setting up for the day. I wipe my hair out of my face and tie it back, washing my paws after that and filling a small bin under the bar with ice..
 With out seaming to think about it I poor the gin and bring it to you.* Here you go. * I smile and move back over to the bar, Stocking chips and other little bar food..
 I speak and work at the some time. I sweep the spot behind the bar and fill the trash cans with bags..
 My morning set up almost comming to an end, i ajust everything so it is neat. I flip the lights on behind the glass bottles making the blace glow with that eldrich bar light..
 I move quickly and gracefully. almost looking bored. I poor the Jack Daniels and the Coke how you wanted it and i bring it over to you without spilling a drop. * Here you go. * I say with a amile and return to the bar, putting the bottl back in its proper place..
 I pluck the glasses offf the bar and smaile up at you never looking away from you as i wash the glasses and put them away..
 I grin a bit at your cackle..
I laugh a bit and mix your drink, and it was exactly the same as the last one..
 Slipps a key over next to your drink and gives you a bit of a wink..
 smiles and sits down shyly .
giving a wave to the familiar doggo he smiles warmly* How have you been cop man? Bending people over your car and threatening them with your night stick?~ *walking over to the couch, he holds out a glass to the canine, filled with lemonade and a touch of honeysuckle for added flavor.
he giggles softly, settling down next to you and scooting close, tail curling around his waist as he shakes his head at you.
waving at Koda, he chuckles softly at the dragons attire as he points to the pool room.
purring deeply, he curls up against the dog on the couch, nuzzling his shoulder a bit idly.
he shakes his head and gives a bit of a sad smile* Sometimes it's nice to atleast feel the same as others y'know? If it really bothered me it'd go away... At the moment, I can afford to pretend to be a little normal. *he laughs gently as he rubs your arm.
giving a wave to Dax and Drake, he nuzzles into the head rubs as he purrs loudly, tail wagging just a bit as he rubs the dogs chest in return.
blinks, looking down at her pant's state, and smirking, walking over with her glass.
she grins, taking another sip as she steps out of the pants, gently resting a paw on his shoulder, part for support, and partly as encouragement* Mhm, you like as much as I do~? *she glanced over to the other, setting her drink down and waving wordlessly, before widening her stance in front of the sitting male.
she groans, thin ferret-like tail flicking behind her as she bites her lip, both paws now on the back of the canine's head as she humps against his maw, a little pocket of foxcum dribbling from her and onto his tongue.
walks in with a cute school girl outfit apparently an orca at this point in time.
sniffs everyone's balls.
looks up at them and blushes a bit, giggling shyly.
he blushes brightly and hides behind his paws.
he held his blush, gulping nervously, slowly looking up at you as his paws were moved away.
the tiger mrowls softly at the kiss to his cheek, purring roughly as the feral follows him back to the bar.
the tiger blushes really brightly, stuffing his nose into Dax's  balls, sniffing really deeply.
keeps sniffing heavily, keeping his snout there, rubbing his nose into your nuts, not seeming to mind.
the tiger kept his nose smushed into Dax's nuts, breathing his scent normally.
the tiger slides his snout forward, rubbing his face into the sweaty ballsack.
the tiger just continued sniffing, seemingly transfixed on your musky scent.
the tiger began licking Dax's balls happily after Drake moves up.
the tiger pants softly, slurping wetly over Dax's balls still, almost simultaneously looking back over at Svel with Drake.
whimpers, the tiger soon following Drake.
the tiger's face would flush a dark red at being called prey... it was one of his favorite names... the large cat gulps as he approaches Svel, curiously sniffing the area near his nuts before pushing his snout forward and right under one of the fuzzy orbs with a wet squish.
the tiger continues rubbing his nose and snout firmly into the otterbear's balls with soft, wet squishes, licking lightly at the hot, slimy, musky fur.
the tiger only continued to revel in the otterbear's hot scent, rubbing his face into both balls now, sniffing as deep as he possibly could.
the tiger had the balls all to himself now, rubbing his head all over them, spreading the hot, thick, musky sweat all into his head fur.
points to my name.
He grabs his broken arm as he deliberately runs into a wall as a sickening crack is head. His arm is now straightened out, but the bones inside are fractured in 4 different places.
sits next to drake his head fur all a bit damp and very ruffled,  wreaking a bit of the last encounter.
the tiger giggles softly and nods at him, purring noisily, the smell still lingering in his nose.
Drake takes a deep breath.
I go back to eating.
I look down at your crotch.
I my cock starts to harden too.
My cock is is rock hard now as I look at drake and hunter.
I tease hunter with my cock rubbing his asshole.
I push my cock into hunter and grunts as I thrust gently in and out.
sit down and look to you guys.
I slowly increase the speed of my humping as I moan.
i keep going faster until it becomes almost animalistic.
I start to grunt and moan more frequent as I get close.
watched the hole thing as I'm eating honey. I finished up and skips away to the kitchen to get more.
I moan loudly as I cum inside hunters ass I still hump slowly for a minute.
I sit at the bar table eating honey happily as I begin to think on what to make for food.
I eventualy pull out of hunter then goes back to my salmon.
I look at Sioux's honey and smile.
I eat it quickly and lumber over to hunter and pat him on the head then go to the bar.
I go grab some water and go towards the couch to see Husky on it.
I look over at dax.
I look over at husky and drake.
I dance away looking for honey singing bear necessities.
I walk over to the bar and get a jagermeister and start drinking.
I walk over to drake.
I grab bottles of vodka, fireball whiskey, and gin and walk to everyone that asked for a drink.
I walk in the bar looking for a seat and I am a fox and I'm 21 and single 5'10" tall full male and I sit at the end of the bar.
I look at the situation.
I get exited.
I sit next to sioux interested in everything I put my arm around sioux's shoulder.
as you walk off the tolf grabs your ankles as he seemingly appears from the very floor itself, dragging you to the floor before cuddling you with a rather unusual amount of strength, tail waving behind him.
he giggles and lets go of your ankles, standing up and brushing his fur off.
hmphs and chuckles as he shakes his head.
raises an eye as he waves his mystical azure paws at Mik as menacingly as someone who has no idea what they even do can.
blinks a bit in surprise at the sudden slam against the wall before he sighs gently* Just don't get it on my counter you two! *looking over to Kinen he pauses a bit.
he nods, thinking to himself before giving a shrug* I guess a sex wizard does fit in around here... *his paws start to glow faintly, building up slowly as he yawns a bit.
chuckling gently, walking over to Kinen and giving the sweet husky a strong hug* I'm not a stranger all the time~ Y'all are just never around when I am. *his paws start to bathe part of the bar in azure blue as he gives the dog a kiss on his cheek.
he chuckles and nods* Later husky! *the glow builds more and more as the few last minutes pass, before the time hits seven thirty. At that exact moment, the tolf just vanishes into thin air, anyone who had been paying close enough attention would have seen just a glimpse of hundreds of universes existing within each other for just a split second.
I go behind sioux and start massaging his shoulder.
I go towards drake and put my paws on his shoulders and start massaging.
i grunt happily.
I keep massaging I start to go down his back.
I gently turn you over and massage your torso and arms.
I massage your thighs.
I massage your calfs then I stop.
I blush slightly.
I smile a little I blush more.
I sit at the bar drinking a bottle. Sighing as I play with a little black box.
Pads downstairs rubbing his eyes as he makes his way to the bar.
Wags his tail.
Wags his tail as he sips at his orange juice.
He looks around.
Nods as he finishes his juice.
Grizon walks in looking tense.
I lay on the couch.
My responses get shorter and lazier as I relax.
Grunts happily.
I just enjoy the feeling.
I look over at you.
I moan a little as I become rock hard i stand up looking at you.
I moan loudly.
I thrust my hips out if instinct as I moan more.
I cum hard and long I go limp and breath Heavily as I enjoy the afterglow.
I fall asleep.
he cocks his head at Mik questioningly, more curious about the kittens ravaging him than the actual remark as he smiles* Done? Why I'm never done! *he giggles softly before turning to Svel, tail waving happiy* Was it flashy? An alchemist offered me a ride home, said some quirky comment about how I could look beautiful for all of eternity if I stepped into his portal or some stuff like that... Oh, right backstory. I was curious what it was like to be at an alchemists party. They have the strangest kinds of drinks, but in a good way. One of them was called "Liquid Stone" and I guess the point is to make you feel heavy for a few hours. *he shrugged a bit as he looks around the bar, slowly inspecting each bit of it* Humm... So aside from the new scratch marks on the wall I guess you guys didn't do too bad... So who scratched up the wall? *his paws were already glowing the familiar azure at this point as his tail whipped behind him quickly.
sitting down onto one of the nearby chairs, the scratches on the wall begin repairing themselves as he looks around at the familiar scenes before him, chuckling softly at their earnest endeavours.
he gives a loud whistle, grinning up at the dog before looking over at Flare, smiling warmly* Well, you are much more decorated than usual today! I know you're renowned for your wonderful outfits, but I'd never thought you'd one up me with a living accessory. *he hmphs a bit, crossing his arms playfully.
he gave a soft laugh at that, blushing a bit himself* Well I suppose I'll have to wait until you're finished with him then won't I?~ *his tail sways behind him as he begins tinkering with the vambraces on his forearms.
he glances up at Flare, giving her a soft smile* Don't worry about em, I can fight them off I'm sure. If I leave you are on you own~~ *his voice turns teasing.
he opens his arms, the various jewels adorning his attire sparkling in the light* Free free to make a scene, today is a rather flashy day! *he turns to Mik, chuckling gently* Up to Flare, you know I personally could care less what that is. *he chuckles softly, looking at the strange dirty piece of gold.
finally one of the vambraces breaks off, the tolf giving a loud yowl of success as it's tossed through the air, landing on a nearby empty bar table before it shines brightly on the wood, the table slowly becoming crystallized wood as the tolf starts to work on getting the second vambrace off, taking no notice to what just happened.
waves his paw, showing the other vambrace* Went to an alchemists party, they poured a whole bunch of stuff from a vial onto me, said it would make me shine forever. I guess they are supposed to be permanent vambraces but they really aren't comfortable. *he shrugs as he goes back to tinkering with the gemstone, trying chip it open.
he shrugs* There are plenty out there, maybe even ask Svel. *he turns to Flare, seeing her glance at the stage as he grins a bit, the lights dimming in the bar as his paws glow faintly, remembering the wuffita's wonderful dance before.
sighing and pouting a bit as the lights come back on, his tail drooping a bit as he looks at Dax* Wow, so... you grow to fourty-five feet in height, but you have the dick of a 5 foot average male? What god did you piss off? *he laughs at that, the joke cheering up his mood.
he huffs a bit and stands up, the other vambrace suddenly breaking off as it falls to the chair he sat on, instantly crystallizing that as well as he crosses his arms.
the disgruntled tolf clearly shows his annoyance with the generalization, before the moon dragon comes crashing in making him pause for a moment and listen carefully as the tolf only becomes further annoyed by the now-broken roof before the glowing paws motion upwards, sending the moon dragon right back out the path he had just came in, a sack of roof shingles and a hammer materalizing around Koda's claws as he calls at the dragon* Fix it yourself! Ridiculous, first I'm just "another male" and now I'm a roof repair fur. The brazen disrespect some people have. *he huffs more loudly this time, still staring Flare down.
hmphs even louder this time, though a clear embaressed blush is visible through the orange fur on his muzzle, giving Jace a hug back as he rubs the others shoulder in silent thanks for the comfort, the paws still glowing away as the wuffita suddenly feels a breeze across her back, before her fury poofs out everywhere, making the tolf laugh in a bit of revenge for her teasing him, clearly going over his head that he had caused it.
he smiles warmly, paws surrounding the wuffita as he hugs her from behind, smoothing out her fur and chuckling softly.
his paws flare blightly as he sees the shock heading for him and the wuffita, blinding the room for a moment as the shock is literally frozen, the chemical composition turning into ice before the small peices break apart and fall to the wooden floor, the tolf shaking his head at Dax.
glares at Klaus.
Angry Slav intensifies.
Squats furiously.
I walk into the place your in right now.
I smile back.
I go into the pool area and sit down in a lotus position and i close my eyes.
I eventually get up and go somewhere private but leave the door open.
Loud booms followed by the sound of something hitting metal come from outside in a clearing.
Another loud boom followed by a metallic bang.
sees Griz laying down in the clearing aiming a rifle at a metal target.
I look over at you.
I walk into the pool area rifle in paw.
I start cleaning my rifle i look around to see whats going on around me.
I walk up to the bar next to Hauptmann and grab some jagermeister.
I take a drink and look at your uniform.
I sit down at the bar and I ask the bar tender.
I put my rifle on the table and start Inspecting it.
I chase Jace over to the source if the bang.
checks my phone for the time.
 I come in and flop on my usual spot on the dark green leather sofa. I yawn deeply running my fingers through my long jet black hair. I wear tight blue jeans and a black T-shirt over my blood red fur..
 I smile and smell th clorean  crooking an eyebrow..
 I giggle and smile a bit looking over at you there on the bar stool..
 Grins.* Anybody mind if i skinny dip i dont have any swim shorts. * I get up off the sofa and join Kinen..
 I giggle again walking with the other two to the hot tub aria. I strip out of my clothes..
 I blush a bit, watching Fire undress.  I slowly slip my self in to the Now bubbling warm water. I gasp a bit slowly sinking down in to the water..
 I sigh and relax sitting back in the warm water..
 I turn to Kinen and smile, nodding briskly..
 Yawns and flops face down on my couch..
 I grone softly at your massage..
 After a while you start to hear me purring very loudly as you rub and massage me. I wrap my tail around you..
 I purr and relax..
 I turn to you and wrap my arms around you and pulling you close and nuzzling your neck..
 YOu find that i like to kiss, nibble and leck your neck as you pet me..
steps in and looks around.
 I murr a bit my self leaning up to whisper in your ear.* You made me feel good, Let me do the same for you? * My paws rub your chest softly..
 You feel me pawing at the crotch of your pants..
 I slip off the sofa and down on to the floor, i slide your legs off the couch and unbuckle your pants, pulling them down along with what ever undies you may or may not have been wearing. I look up at you for a moment before stuffing my muzzle in to your crotch, nuzzling and licking your bals and sheath..
 I take the base of your length in one paw as i suckle on your tip a little. I thongue your cum slit a little before slipping mu muzzle over yourcock and in to your pubic fur..
 Loving the encouragment I unbuckle my own pants, slipping them dpwn around my knees as i bob my head on you. I murr , licking and slurping, obviously enjoying my self. I wrap my own paw around my own shaft and start to paw my self off..
me knees buckle slightly as I make my way to the couch the best I can* r-remo where can I fit it? .
 I pull off Drakes cock for only a moment.* O-one of you should fuck me. * I pant and go back to Sucking off Drake. I growl deeply bobing my head faster and faster..
I groan and push back in to the cold nose and warm tongue of Indigo. I use one paw to tug on Drakes Balls and the other to spread my cheeks a bit. You can hhear me panting and growling, my need high..
I giggle and wiggle my shorts off as I give a final lick, I press the tip of my fat canine cock to rems entrance as I wiggle my tush.
whinces and picks up my speed as I push the first few inches of myself in* what was..*moans loudly as I squirt precum in long pulses into rem.
 I gasp and moan feeling Indigo mount me and press his shaft against my tail star. I indulgein a bit of cock worship. I paw and kiss and lick Drakes cock rubbing it against my cheeks a pit as i then stuffed him down my throat again, almost gagging my self. I cry out around Drakes cock as i feel Indigo push inside me. I shiner and moan loudly, i had not prepaired my self for the size. The pain was sharp at first but soon it went away..
 I grone whimper and whine being penatrated from the front and the rear. I feel drakes pre squert down my throat and i swollow it happely as i move my head even faster on him..
 I moan and gag a bit as controle of Drakes cock is taken from me. I feel that familliar tugging sensation from deep inside my used body as i am fucked from moth ends and pawed off. I huiff and groan, bucking back in to Indago and letting Drake have his way with my face and muzzle. I clutch drakes hips huff ing and puffing ..... And blowing my load all over Kinen's paw..
 I maona and pant and whimpre drinking down all of Drakes tasty cum. I bob my head milking him as much as i can. I gasp and cry out not having expectid the Coon to knot me, but the sensation of being filled with cum causes me to relax and not raise much of a fuss about it. I wondered how long a Coon knoting lasted..
 I pull my self off of Drakes cock smiling up at him for a moment before clenching my ass around the large cock and looking back over my shoulder..
giggles and kisses your back before hugging you from behind.
 I take your paw and push it down between your legs, wiping my seed off on your cock before i stuff my muzzle down there and clean it off you ..
 I gasp and moan a bit as you pull your knot free..
 I purr and moan as i am back up on the couch too, being cleaned up. my head still in Kinen's lap i lick and suck on his sheath softly as Drake makes out with him..
 I murr and lick Kinen, bobing my head onb what length was out and showing. My rear is up in the air again..
 I say softly, Hard again my self and bobbing my head on that green cock. I look up at Indigo..
 I move back to suck on Kinen, but look up at him..
giggles and wiggles my big tail.
I walk in and lay on the couch exhausted.
I hesitate for a second.
I happily grunt.
makes short whooping sound whenever Meade scores.
tries not to break things in his home.
I enjoy the feeling more.
My eyes are half closed trying to keep them open.
I close my eyes and sleep.
I happily sigh as he does so.
I lay on the couch with a thud and fall back asleep quickly followed by loud snoring.
I get up after a few minutes of sleeping. I lumber over to the kitchen and eat some berries quickly. I then look at Archer and raise my eyebrows.
I look at your jockstrap then dart away from it blushing.
I still look at archer when I think hes not paying attention.
I go up looking interested.
I seem to get a little exited obvious because of the tent in my compression shorts.
I get even more exited as I get hard through my tight pants I blush as I get hard and try to cover it as best I can.
He smiled a bit watching the wolfcoon handing out flyer's. Waiting politely for the person he was talking to to walk away before walking up behind the male. Giving him a playful pat on the back, maybe a little to hard. "Hey wuffy hun, mind if I get one of those too? Or is there any other special conditions I might need?~" the fox says with a small smirk. Left large ear flopped over as he stuck his flat tongue out.
A soft chuckle as the air was momentarily squeezed out of him. Giving a happy hug back as his own toothy smile stretched across his muzzle. "Heh.. I see. Well does seem like fun" the fennec says cheerfully. Slowly reaching for the flyer. Taking a seat nearby.
I walk over to archer i look nervous.
i put my lips to his and make out with him i get hard.
I close my eyes as I take in the pleasure i put my toungue in srchers mouth and start touching his ass.
I look very aroused hopefully the same goes for archer.
I go in the elevator with you.
looks around, soaking the scenery in.
snaps fingers and points.
his typical smile melts away into a disappointed look and he shakes his head.
The goat's smile rises, taking its place as the dominant smile in the room.
starts booing and throwing plushy tomatoes at the terrible pun offender.
Grabs a fresh plush tomato of the floor.
glares at the goat* I could eat you, you know....*grins at hindai and starts throwing them at the African wild dog.
The goat half leans back deeper into the well-used couch.
flaps his wings soon scooping hindai up and carrying him to a couch for forced snuggling.
Goat produces a faceless watch from his pocket and straps it on his wrist, an orange glow eminating from a ring surrounding the face.
The goat stares at all the furs, tapping at the air above his watch.
the goat, seeming straight-faced and calm in the lewd situation claps his hand down on the watch and stares at the scene, a bulge betraying his neutral face.
the goat coughs, stammering.
stuffs the pacifier in the dragons mouth.
the goat flusters, staring at the dragon and grabbing his wrist nervously.
the goat steps up from the couch and saunters to the bar.
The goat darts his head towards the newly fallen fur. He gets up walks over to the fur and picks him up, before tossing him down onto the couch and walking back to the drake.
mik covers his face with his paws.
the goat looks around at the husky.
The goat scootches over, leaving a little more room for the new addtition to the seats and looks him over.
The goat looks over and meets eyes with drake.
the goat goes back to his watch, seeming to tap the air and face above it aimlessly, miniature orange text and images scroll down his iris.
the goat claps down on his wrist, darting his eyes to the canine's.
the goat pulls his sleeve down, blocking the watch, but not its orange ring's glow.
the goats pupils narrow to pinpricks, his stance now slightly stiffer, reaching towards his backpack slightly.
the goat steps back once, readjusting.
the goat moves his sling bag under his left arm, reaching towards a velcro front pocket and sliding his hand in.
the goat produces a small baggie of pills labeled "Wave 2 Antibacterials" from his sling, tossing them at Mik, before drawing his hand back in.
the goat drifts his eyes to the sergal.
the goat relaxes, but keeps his hand in the pocket.
The goat looks down at the armband, taking a disgruntled visage.
the goat sighs, loosing his hand from his pocket and returning his sling behind him in one swift motion.
the goat unwraps his watch, pressing a few points in the air before a small point of light displays on the countertop, constructing slowly into an orange holographic portrait of four other furs standing in a row. He pauses, and points to each one naming them* Birdy, Frost, and Cobra. They were all infected. *the portrait fizzes out, and the goat withdraws his wrist.
the goat leans back in his seat.
the goat happily obliges, nodding with a wink as he lifts the bottle and up-ends it.
the goat reappears from a corner, huffing and puffing, grasping a wound on his shoulder. He grabs a pouch on his sling and withdraws an epi-pen like syringe, which he immediately jabs into his thigh. After a short moment, the goat stands up, rubs his shoulder, and begins to sew the hole in his hoodie above the wound shut. Looking around the room, he notices the disturbed silence, meeting eyes with drake, and then kinen..
The goat removes his hand from the wound, the bleeding already having stopped and the injection working its secret government magic..
the goat notices the motions going on in the pool.
the goat turns around, halfway to shitfaced already* I can do that. *he drops his belt, bag, and other clothing on the way to the pool and staggers in, falling face down in the water.
the goat floats on the top for a second before whipping himself upright, flipping his hair out of his eyes..
the goat lazily floats over, resting a hand on Kinen's thigh.
the goat looks at Kinen, and then at drake, nodding and smiling.
the goat taps his shoulder, a the scar of a .45 sized hole already looking like it had healed years ago* Division medical tech saves lives. Now let's get back on subject... *reaching down and fondling kinen's sack while drake works the shaft.
the goat takes a moment before slipping under the water, moving down, he blows bubbles gently on the growing shaft.
the goat resurfaces, taking his place to the side of Kinen again, bringing one hand back down to fondle his balls again.
the goat watches the glow encircle him, before having his other hand reach down and assist Kinen further, making a ring with his index digit and thumb below the knot, and slowly rubbing.
the goat spasms at the touch, not used to having such acute sensitivity. he lets out a deep-voiced moan, and his eyelids sink halfway down..
the goat moves one hand from balls to drake's shaft, continuing the ministrations with lust-driven fervor.
I watch the action smiling at what's happening.
the goat sits up, using his tall legs to raise his ass slightly out of the water, he wiggles it in Sioux'es direction.
the goat returns his ass to the water, moving it over, and backing it up onto kinen's lap.
the goat moans out, pre seeping from his cock into the water, he grinds himself slowly, using a spare hand to keep the fox'es member close.
The goat lifts himself slightly, teasing his own hole while bouncing on the canine tip..
the goat lifts his legs, letting gravity do the work while simultaneously being sucked by Drake.
the goat climbs out of the pool, dries off, and moves his way across  the room, sluggishly picking up his gear.
falls from an adjacent roof into the pool, splashing down in all his clothes..
swims up and out of the pool, making his way to the bar..
The goat plops down and begins fiddling with his watch.
the goat peers through the code scrolling down his iris, catching sight of the face between the lines of code dictating responses to gps failiure failsafes* Ah! Hello, drake! *the goat gives a wink.
flops on the other sofa and yawns again.
Looks over at the cute husky on the sofa, and sits down next to him.
yawns a bit sits against the arm of the couch, eyes almost closing from tiredness.
sinks in to the couch a bit where the cushions meet in the middle, then lays head on Kinen's shoulder.
the goat perks up a floppy ear, listening in.
happy to see more couch friends.
Reese starts to feel Kinen's fur, rubbing it a bit.
the goat looks around, half awake seeing lewds and suggestives everywhere* Will someone just... get to it alredy? *burp.
Happily sits between kinen and drake, enjoying their company. Starts to pet Kinen's fur more, chest and belly, notices the markings and colors on Kinen's fur.
the goat follows the simple command, slouching all the way over and landing on the couch.
the goat practically pushes into the kiss, hugging his neck.
I sit on the couch with you guys smiling as I'm still in my breifs.
I reach over and grab the bulge in the bear's breifs.
lays back in to the couch realizing it's turning in to a cuddle party or something more, noticing Sioux in his cute briefs~.
my cock jumps in my briefs from the touch.
i make my way to my knees in front of the couch, setting up in front of it, fondling as many people as I can at once.
blushes from drakes tail sweeping my face. I begin to guide one of my paws across Kinen's chest and abdomen, looking at the markings.
he starts to play with the floof of fur above your waistline.
reacting to the sudden kiss that he had received from drake, he blushed and looked over to Drake.
the goat focuses attention to Drake's bulge, working the fabric with his hands.
the goat grabs the elastics to Drake's underwear and pulls gently.
his attention goes back to kinen to whom he looks back seeing a husky in a jockstrap, eyeing his bulge almost obviously, blushing more.
walks over to the bar and grabs a bottle of jimbean wisky.
I walk in with an exited look.
i look around at everybody.
the goat pops up from behind the bar, snorting awake and quickly standing...* "Oh gosh!" *...before realizing that nothing is happening, and calming himself..
the goat fixes himself, dusting himself off and taking something to relieve himself of the aches of sleeping on the floor.
the goat moves his vision to the bird sitting at the bar.
The goat looks around.
the goat hops the bar, landing on a stool. He then brings his watch up and begins fiddling with the code again.
I wake up and go into the kitchen and grab a lot if food i set it down at the table and start eating.
the goat drools in the distance.
The hungry, and tired bear looks at Woz to see what he's drooling at.
Griz waves over to drake and smiles a little.
the goat shrugs and returns to programming* "annnd... now!" *a lightbulb above him pops, raining a bit of glass down on him.
I walk downstairs. Sniffing the air as I smell food. I head over to get a plate yelling to flare.
The bear puts most of the food back and makes two plates full of food and sits back down.
Griz looks at Sioux how is happily eating as he ravages his breakfast thinking about how cuddly he would be.
griz lays on the couch.
Griz looks over at anyone that would want to cuddle.
Griz sits with drake and puts a arm around him. Griz's soft fur covers his neck and shoulder.
I smile a little.
puts other arm around you and pulls you into a strong embrace. Griz's soft fur surrounds you as He pulls you in he grunts happily.
I begin to hug tighter.
I begin to relax a little as the snuggling makes me a little sleepy I sigh happily my breathing gets slower and my voice gets slower and lazier.
I relax even more as my eyes are half open.
I try to keep my eyes open I'm so tired I just relax everything accept for my eyes.
I close my eyes and my entire body goes limp as I fall asleep I fall into drake beginning to snore.
I just enjoy the feeling of sleep as I snuggle drake i snore loudly.
I start talking in my sleep to its only loud enough for drake to hear it.
He slowly curls up into a ball.
He pulls drake closer thinking in his sleeping mind that he is his cub.
I pull him tighter.
I dont go into hibernation because my "cub" isnt asleep yet.
the goat perks up after diligently working on his code* ...Aaand that should do it! *He taps his watch and waits a moment, throughout the entire house, the lights flicker off. The goat continues to wait, finally they flicker back on..
My breathing slows more as I rub drakes head lazily* ....Good cub.... *As Woz makes noise and makes the light flicker though I growl angrily still asleep.
the goat mouths "you got this?" to Drake.
I relax again.
I sense that drake is drained or not feeling well i have a worried look on my face.
I smile as I relax more as drake pretends to be asleep all movement stops I go limp.
I sleep for another few hours until My stomach starts growling My eyes open but my pupils are dilated.
the goat, snacking on a granola bar, goes wide eyed when he hears the bear, letting a small bleat go as he throws the snack in the bear's direction.
he gets up slowly and grabs the bar but goes to the kitchen and grabs a lot if food and brings it to the couch he looks at drake and looks distressed* Not cub.... *Looks worried and starts calling for his cub not really knowing whats going on.
I look over at drake as I go limp again still completly out of it.
The goat steps back, staring down the bear- his eyes scrolling with orange text and symbols. He motions to drake.
I just repeat the word "cub" until I go to sleep again i then say one last thing before I go back to sleep.
the goat returns to a more relaxed stance, and returns to his code..
The goat looks around and gets up.
I snuggle for another few hours I wake up but not completly still in that state which will stay around for awhile.
I keep snuggling up to drake still feeling like I need to protect him.
I growl softly as I rub his head I dont catch myself calling drake a cub.
I smile as I wait for drake to wake up from what my mind still thinks is hibernation.
I'm still out of it but awake.
I feel its effects unaware of the situation.
I look worried as drake doesnt answer.
I look at drake getting more scared because he is acting strangly i grab some food and bring it to him.
I wait for drake to eat i start to feel sad as he doesnt eat i look down* ....Me....Bad father.... *I lay down and cover my face with my paws.
I see drake eating I look happy.
I look around see if everything is clear I begin eating something I put near the couch.
I look at drake confused.
The goat, as warned, drops through the ceiling, smashing onto a couch adjacent to the couple, coughing and clutching a package* "Special delivery..." *he says, cracking the jewlery-box sized package open and producing an ages old whiskey..
I'm startled by Woz and Sioux seeing them as a threat I growl at them.
the goat lobs the bottle in his direction, and then kicks his way backwards, off the couch, stumbling away and falling on his ass.
I get in front of Drake as I roar and growl as a warning to all of them.
I walk away freeked out from being growled at. I go the bar and sit there playing with my thumbs.
the goat grabs a set of metal sheets from his back, slamming them down vertically in front of him. As he sits, a 4 foot wide, inch thick steel chest-high wall rises from the ground, unfolding and blocking the goat from the bear's view..
I start to calm down.
the goat peers around his cover wall, staring down the bear panting slightly, eyes pinpricks.
I look happy seeing that drakes happy still keeping some of my attention on Woz.
yawns and stretches.
the goats pupils return to normal, pressing the air above his watch, and motioning the cover to retract.
I divert my attention to cyrus and Woz to see if they get any closer then smile at drake and I try to gently play fight him.
yawns abit and ignores the situation showing no interest in the play fighting.
the goat goes no closer, moving his way to the white wolf in the room.
he stands up streching out and letting out a loud grunt before paying down on a sofa watching the room.
it slowly begins to work I finally come to my senses as I let drake pin me down i shake my head.
The goat notices the lucario and immediately perks up.
I look at drake.
I look around the couch to see my makeshift den i look guilty.
streches out on the sofa.
I help him get up I try to help drake out the best I can.
I motion to the lucario, trying to grab his attention.
I realise im rambling* you dont really care about that now your just hungry I'll help you out with that *I try to get aroused so he can feed off me.
I try to explain as I get aroused I stroke myself to let drake feed.
I stroke faster as I get harder.
unfortunately, the tolf was out of the bar out the moment. Instead he had decided to observe a thing on the world called a "mall", which had intrigued him due to many influences from a familiar wuffita who always walked in with a flashier outfit than himself. He stood inside the front entrance of the local shopping building, blinking a bit at the overwhelming amount of people and buildings within the building. All of it made confused the rather un-modern fur.
he chuckles gently, nudging the kind wuffita before he looks around the various stores, some selling things he hadn't even begun to have heard about..
he laughs gently and shakes his head* Maybe it's something you ate? *he takes another look at the crowd, clearly nervous among all the people... So many things he could accidentally make go wrong. Shaking it off, he turns to Flare again..
he giggles, his tone turning light and teasing despite the nervousness* Oh I would have never imagined the great seamstress Flare Ebonpaw would be a costume designer for risque dancers~ *he grinned wide down at the wuffita, tail waving quickly and playfully behind him.
scratches the back of his head softly and blinks a bit at the wuffita, before giving another gentle chuckle.
glancing around the food court, he ponders to himself what he wants of the rather familiar food, before spying a sweets shop specializing in japanese delicacies. He points to it, the mascot a large panda with big googly eyes.
The choice being made more in the mind that he had never tried panda cuisine before, the lack of knowledge about the japanese people entirely he assumed the resturaunt was just ran by panda's with panda-food in general. As we walk up to the front counter, he leans over to Flare and quietly whispers.
stepping in, the cool brisk air is lightly accentuated with many scents he hadn't yet experienced, though his nose quite literally turns upward at the scent of the fish, his tail curling as he lets out a clear 'ick' in disgust.
the waitress walks up, clearly a young housecat with gray fur, ushering them both to a table as she sets down two menu's, before leaning down and lighting a candle. She smiles at the two, giggling a bit* Enjoy~~ *there is quite a bit of cheerfulness and a playful undertone in her one liner as she walks off to let the pair decide as the tolf turns to Flare.
his paw rubs under his muzzle, tail waving thoughtfully behind him* So... could they put chicken in it? And the rice? But no vegetables? They taste pretty disgusting... Like drab food. *looking up to the server, he smiles politely.
nodding like a lost kid where it's his first time eating out, his tail wags as he beams* Yeah lets do that then! Tofu chicken and rice! *he looks over at Flare, expectantly waiting for her to unlock the secrets of the establishment.
goes and hides at the sight of new people.
I look around to see where I am.
hes alone in the back of a cafe the time is approaching midnight and he wonders to himself what he wants to order.
viciously posts stickers and gifs.
hes driving around looking for someplace to rest for a bit and maybe get a drink. He takes a corner and sees a bar and drives to it entering it and looking around.
sits and watches eating popcorn .
shuffles into the room, slowly looking over the new surrounding as he raises one paw as a quick hello..
I walk in I sit next to Drake as I sit down I order two beers.
I notice drake has a headache.
I think for a second.
I smile then I start getting a headache too.
I carry him over somewhere private where he can sleep I watch him thinking he is cute.
I start to get tired as I begin to sleep as well i try not to snore to accomidate drake.
I put one arm around drake and one paw to rub his head lazily.
I start going deeper into sleep I sigh softly as I do.
Sillas sees me and drake cuddling seeing the bear begin to pull him tighter into me.
I start to curl up into a ball like shape keeping drake close.
spins on his hoof and walks briskly away.
I start to talk in my sleep again going back into a state of hibernation* ....Hibernate....*Realising I'm cuddling someone.
I start rubbing drakes head with my big paw thinking hes my cub.
I keep rubbing his head my sleeping mind shutting off almost completely running on instinct alone.
My eyes open but are dilated.
I gently put drake down as I gather plenty if food and then some I see hes awake i put food next to him i watch him.
I look confused.
I start smiling I start ravaging some of the food I brought.
I look at the goat with a threatening look.
I question it for a minute but accepts it i inspect the goat and see all the gadgets and things he has.
I just accept it keeping a close eye on the goat and drake.
I look at Dax confused at his intentions.
I start to eat more of the stored food I push some between drake and Woz not wanting to disturb them.
i give Woz an angry look I point at drake trying to not disturb him.
I question why a bear would want to mate with a goat I walk over to drake and nuzzle him with my muzzle.
I lead him where its private.
I look confused.
Observing drakes body language closely I growl in Dax's direction.
I look happy because of the praise I look over to Dax growling angrily.
I walk over to the goat.
I walk down the stairs. Sluggish and slow. I yawn as you can see I barely got any sleep. I sit at the bar needing coffee.
I look at the other bear that approached seemingly interested i approach.
I seem less interested in drake for a moment as I look at Sioux.
I look at drake becomming slightly more alert.
I start comming to my senses.
I look confused then look concerned for drake.
I question it not knowing what to think.
I shake my head.
I sit down My eyes are back to normal.
I hide my face with my paws and lay down still feeling intense emotions.
I keep my face covered exept for my mouth.
I sit next to drake and Woz not making eye contact.
I relax a little still looking down.
I relax a lot more.
Montage of curse words.
one of you spots a cave nearby in the snowy landscape hearing the snoring of a certain Grizzly.
the Grizzly opens his eyes and looks around the entrance if the cave seeing the goat not really knowing why he's here or why i approach him in a friendly way.
I help him up realizing he is cold I carry him into my cave which is actually very warm.
I immediatly lay down in my den.
I look over at drake who is outside.
I'm in my hibernation state actually asleep this time.
Nobody seemed to notice the big Grizzly as he wakes up from his deep sleep.
I wave over to them.
I look around for my own person to have sex with but I just fall asleep the familiar feeling of my hibernation state washes over me.
My eyes begin to open drake is the only one that knows what will happen.
I look at Svel I chase him in a fit if rage.
I look over at Victor and smile.
winks and wiggles my rear for everybody to see.
I look over at Drake* Need a hand? *looks over at Victor and Myrah having a good time.
I twitch a little nervously.
I claw at Svel and fight I begin to roar and grunt.
my eyes grow wide until I relax and lean into the kiss to make it even deeper.
I blush a deep red color and I begin to grind into your rubbing.
I punch Svel in the stomach then claw his face which leaves a gaping wound I push him into the pool I roar.
I lean my head back and let out a soft moan. I feel your erection pressed up against my hole and I murr loudly.
I ruthlessly claw at his face beginning to hit bone i also tear his kneecaps open with my back claws.
I moan and lean my head back, watching the mist come out of my mouth. My knees grow weak and I look back at you.
I push anyone in my way aside blinded by rage and by Svel I look worried I run without and direction yelling for my cub.
I nuzzle recognizing the voice as blood flows down my face.
I sit down and smile.
I hug drake back.
I cover my mouth to silence my own laughter.
I look in the direction of Svels voice.
I turn and walk to my room, my tail wagging from side to side, my tight tailhole visible with every step.
I smell the horniness from Aiden* Mate. *I walk toward Aidens scent.
I go into my room and back into the bathroom, turning on the shower as I step in.
I climb in the shower i start panting as I get horny.
I turn around and jump when I see the big bear and smile.
I stand up right and lean on the wall with my arms I put my cock into your ass and start fucking you hard and fast.
I gasp and moan softly, pressing my hands against the wall.
I moan and grunt as I fuck him with animalistic lust.
I see Drake and smile.
Not noticing anyone I continue to destroy Aiden's hole I begin to leak pre cum into his ass.
I grab Drakes hips, moaning on his cock.
I moan louder* CLOSE *I fuck aiden harder and faster than before.
I tighten my cheeks on Grizs cock, massaging it as I twist and turn my head on Drakes.
I moan louder than ever as I cum into Aiden the orgasm feeling like uts endless.
I cum.onto the floor and relax, not moving as I'm still sandwiched between the two.
I lick aidens face trying to relax him.
I turn the shower off and smile.
I walk over guided by the scent of drake.
I smell around trying to find drake.
I walk over to drake picking up his scent again.
I hug drake back smiling as I do* cub hungry.
I nuzzle back.
I begin to play fight him i smile bigger as my playful side emerges.
sits down on a chair and watches.
I make a semi laugh as I feel intense joy.
I keep playing with drake concluding the play fight by letting him win obviously faked.
I lick drakes face in return.
I begin to stare blankly as I start going back to normal.
 Walks in flopping in my usual spot. The dark green leather sofa was just as it always was, soft and nice. I watch the goings on around the roo..
Blushes very deeply,  stuttering  and struggling for words. .
 I turn an odd shade of purple with my blush. I couldent belive i was actuallu gong to do this..
 Was wearing blue jeans and a black T-shirt. I bight my lower lip and stand up off the sofa and pull my shirt off. I am not to big and not to small. my figure being that of a tall runner, than a weight lifter or body builder. I slip off my pants too. My rear end nice and round. I make my way over to Archer and sit down..
 I gasp and contenue to blush as i am Pulled in to Archers lap. I do however purr quite loudly at the embrace and the attention..
 I gasp and moan in supprise as i am kissed forcefully. I turn around in your lap kissing you back soon enough, buth my paws reaching down between your legs, rubbing and groaping your balls and sheath..
 The kiss broken and my eyes half lidded with my drunken lust for you i work that cock with both paws. After a little bit of that i lickXavies cheek and slide down inbetween your legs. I stuff the head if that fat cock in to my muzzle and start to bob my head eagerly, My own erection standing at full mast already..
i look at drake and point at Dax.
i smile and walk away and sit watching the two like a hawk.
my ears twitch at Svels name i look angry and look for him.
yawns and scratches his balls.
jumps in through the window papyrus style, shard of glass is in his forehead but he doesn't notice.
grins widely showing his teeth.
I start growling at all the new people.
wipes HIS forhead .
tilts my head.
 I tilt my head.
I start smiling.
I sniff it to get to know his scent.
I think for a moment.
I look over flares shoulder not really knowing what shes doing.
I see the hybrid I fought yesterrday I start to make noises to show my hostility.
I still make noises as I look at Svel.
I begin to lose interest in Svel.
I look at flare again confused on what she's doing so I observe her.
I decide to ask what it is.
I get startled and starts making loud huffing noises at Dax showing hostility again.
I walk slowly over to Dax huffing loudly.
I stand over Dax I continue growling.
I spring awake and run to Fire.
I start to lose interest in Dax I begin to fall asleep again.
I turn my head to look at Svel.
runs around the entire room looking for somebody to throw a ball.
I start snoring lightly.
I run to Dax and look up.
I nod and drool a little.
I run and catch the ball, bringing it to Fire this time and dropping it at his feet.
I watch it closely, still drooling.
I run and jump out the window, flopping onto the ground outside as I grab the ball and bring it to Svel this time.
I chase the ball frantically, loud crashes being heard from down the hall as I bring it back and wag my tail, dropping g it between Fire and Svel this time.
I chase after it and bring it back to Fire again, dropping it at his feet.
I catch it mid air and land on my side, yelping. I get up and run to the couch, hopping up onto it and laying down, chewing on the ball.
switches to my anthro form.
I walk to fire with a couple beach chairs to lay on. I tap his shoulder and hold one out for him.
I sit in mine next to him.
I still am in a deep sleep but my cock does get hard in my sleep.
I begin to wake up i sit on the floor not saying a word just observing.
I tilt my head hearing my name.
I run over to him and lick his face to comfort him.
I smile as I silently let him pet me.
I glare at Woz silently.
I smile as I get attention.
I nuzzle Dax not really understanding a word he says.
I grunt happily as the overall feeling if Dax and Drake make me feel tired.
I sniff both dax and drake.
I begin to fall asleep as I spiral down I can still hear everything though.
I growl in my sleep hearing Svel's voice.
I slowly calm down going into a deeper sleep.
huff* that the farmer*puff* doesn't like trespassers*huff.
i wake up and begin walking around not saying a word.
i smile and walk over to them.
I look at everyone confused not understanding.
I dont understand words in this state i become confused.
I wake back up and look at Dax confused.
I look confused as I see his new form.
I sniff dax looking confused at the what appears to be another bear.
I start to growl at dax seeing him as a hostile bear.
looks around for a bear.
I walk up to sioux and nuzzle him on all fours.
I smile i run up to dax.
I chase it and bring it back in my mouth.
I jump into the pool and swim for it.
I bring it over to dax.
I saunter in slowly. A tad exhausted and sleep deprives I work my body in an attempt to be social. Gingerly taking a seat next to the giant Dax. And yawn..
I begin to lick dax's face.
I understand "friend" I nuzzle him then go to drake.
I lay on my back exposing my belly.
I move around the floor happily as I enjoy the belly rub waiting for praise.
I put on a big cute smile as I enjoy all the attention.
I start to try to get up.
seeing the three having fun and enjoying themselves I decide to seclude back to my bedroom. Laying on the ground and slithering off alone..
I start jumping around drake with a smile on my face.
I jump towards the ball then i run bringing it back.
I run outside the ball in my mouth again.
I lay down ball still in my mouth.
sits in my plush soft bedroom. Air conditioner blasting as ugh and cold as It loss inky can as I sit in the smokey room. Nursing a bottle of good hooch.
I go to a tree and start scratching my back.
I whine a bit in my tipsy stupor. The thick scent of fruitful incense filling the cozy bedroom. Leaving it with a tropical aroma. My head swimming a bit with the mix of emotion as I crawl over and lay my head down in Victors lap.
My stomach growls I go to the kitchen and banging of the fridge door.
I go and grab something and start tearing open the package and eating it off the floor.
My face is a mess where I consumed the food i smile at you.
I smile and lick your face.
I keep licking drake my furry body getting closer.
I begin to look around sniffing.
I look around i look everywhere eventually go to the tv and begin rattling it.
As the tv turns on i sit down trying to figure out what it is.
I look confused i look at drake to see why bears suddenly showed up on this device.
I touch my paw to the screen and begin making noises to the bears hoping they would want to play.
I go towards the ball but hit my nose on the screen I growl at the dog.
I start playing with that on the floor.
I get sick of my ball and go over to drake I put my head on his lap.
I lay down and end enjoy the petting.
I smile big as you do so my body making small movements.
I get startled at the yelling Foxtrot I growl lightly.
His remarks starting to get to me.
I start to relax still listening to the conversation.
he sits at the bar.
My eyes look like they're getting heavy.
I begin to go to sleep my heart rate begins to slow drastically.
I barely breath either.
sniffs around curiously and waves.
tilts head at.
wagwags happily.
laps slowly but happily at the hot cup, his tail thumping on the ground as he savors the drink.
finishes and bites onto the cup, gingerly climbing up onto a bar stool to to put it on there.
drink some of coffee as look at woofles.
starts to preen his fur softly, humming to himself as he sits perched up on the bar stool.
raises my paw.
I yawn waking up as I walk downstairs. Rubbing my eyes.
yaps and howls.
runs around on all fours then howls out.
jumps ontop of dax.
smirks and comes closer with my head.
nods slowly and runs away in the forest while howling.
weird and loud sounds are heard.
comes back with a full belly.
giggles and looks evilly.
my pupils are getting smaller as I flop around on my back, claw at the floor and howl out loudly.
runs away in the forest.
spit the coffee.
roars hungrily and sniffs at stuff, wondering what to eat.
comes back and wraps my arms around dax's leg, shivering in fear.
has my eyes closed and clenches tight around your leg.
looks back to the forest and hides under a blanket.
my fur and book get wetter and look at Dax.
dive in the water as swim follow Dax underwater.
look at Dax as tilt his head as he hold his breath.
transform into water dragon as he can breath easily and grab dax.
i swam fast toward Dax to gain closer.
growls as grab Dax's tail and swim upward.
runs in circles chasing his tail, almost catching it!.
walks on woofles tail.
transform into wolf as swim to the edge of pool and get out of pool.
taps around and looks with his eyes an the ground.
crumples as his tail is stepped on.
chews on woofles's tail.
I get up on all fours and walk over to everyone.
I go into the weight room looking puzzled to what everything is.
I keep looking at the weights and go to a push sled that is has about 800 lbs on it I begin to push it with my hind legs.
I look at drake seeing hes not interested i go to Svel and lay on my back in front of him looking at him.
a shy skinny femboish bodied orca comes in wear in a royal blue winter heavy Nike zip up hoodie with the hood up aapparently shy as he sits on a couch.
I pant happily as Svel rubs my belly I put on a big smile.
Sits on the couch still having my hood up and acting shy still not saying a word just sitting there.
takes my. Hood off and shows my cute orca face.
 blushes as I get up and sit on svels lap blushing cutely across my face.
gulps and blushes deeper and shakes it paw.
gulps and blushes*  well I can run fast enough to break time and space but I don't want to brag* giggles blushing cutely across my face as I moan as svel licks and nibbled me .
 blushes when I say touch.
 blushes deeply.
 blushes cutely as I say that .
Purrs happily as I nuzzle svels chest cutely.
blushes cutely.
teases blushing cutely.
gulps and disappears not a trace left behind.
I was gone before u knew It but reappears and kicks svel in the back disappearing again.
reappears next to drake.
 turns my arm into a carbonfiber arm blade.
counteracts it with holy water on my blade* *disappears again as I. Slice svel with my holy water blade of purity.
 giggles as I ready my blade.
I peek in and look around.
Ello there newcomer..
The shy male femboy bodied orca walks in with his blue Nike hoodie again and sits on the couch.
 the orca say after yawning.
 blushes cutely as he said he had a large cock.
 blushes cutely across my orca face.
 rubs the back of my head blushing cutely.
heads to the pool strips blushing and dives into the pool to beat the heat.
comes back up with a gasp as I then take a big breath and dive under and start swimming laps around the pool.
I come up every once and a while to Catch my breath but I swim fast laps.
 I say as I come up to talk then go back under to swim ahead apparently I'm quick in the water as well.
jumps out of the water and backflips before diving back under again.
comes back up and blushes.
 blushes as I get a little horny from being next to the birb hunk.
 blushes deeply.
blushes as u say. R too.
 blushes deeply.
 blushes as I look up at u.
I go deeper and take u to the balls choking a little but stops after a few seconds I also use my tounge for added pleasure.
I get off of it coco and look up at u.
whines and whimpers as u hold my head.
I say with a deep red blush on my face, but smiling nonetheless.
 whines like a slut for u.
blushes and whines like a slut.
Moans out as I push back and it big cock enters my hole I moan out like a slut as it does.
Moans out like a slut as u carry me yo the deeper part of the pool.
 moans under water as u Fuck Me with ur  big cock.
I walk wake up again going into the weight room again on all fours.
Walks down stairs wagging his tail as he looks about* Hello everyone *He pads to the bar and sits down as he tries to figure out who everyone is.
 moans out like a slut as your ring expands my hole further whimpering as u Fuck the shit out of me.
moans out like a slut as you cum hard Into my anus which is left gaping when u pull out.
dives down to grab fire...I then bring him back up and put him onto the side of the pool.
 gives mouth to mouth as u are coughing.
tears and sobs as I look at u.
I walk over to the downed avian and look at him i put my head near his and nuzzles Fire my sift fur consuming his face.
I jump exitedly at the sight of Dax and Drake.
I look at drake i put my mouth on his pants and tug on it and lead him to the weight room.
I lead drake into the weight room.
In the weight room there is a suspicous looking bag in the corner.
I say, referring to the spike in Fire's energy.
I start playing with the push sled in the weight room like earlier.
I notice the bag and i put my nose in it sniffing my scents in their which confuses me.
I grab something in my mouth from the bag its a gas grenade I mistaked for a toy.
I bring the grenade over to drake.
I run up to Woz and Drake smiling at them thinking I brought them a ball but I actually brought them another gas grenade.
There is labling on the grenades.
One grenade is labled mustard gas and the other is labled as chlorine gas they are both property of a private military company that Woz is all too familiar with.
I hear woz say the companys name and like a trained response I stand at attention in front on Woz looking like I'm waiting for something.
I keep standing at attention waiting for Woz's orders.
i giv welcome bap.
I run into the weight room and grab the bag i present it to Woz.
It contains 2 non lethal gas grenades, A large military grade rifle chambered in 7.62X51 , a 338. Lapua calibre sniper, A 357. auto pistol, bullets and magazines for said guns, 2 full sets of body armor that are for anthro and feral bears, a company uniform, workout clothes that have the company name,  a journal, and a wallet with a passport and company ID.
I pull out my company ID and present that in response.
I stand by your side standing at attention you see a lone piece of paper in the bag looks official.
I await Woz's orders.
I stand at his side obediently.
I look confused at Victor.
I put on my feral armor I go to Woz's side again.
I hear drakes command I stop what I'm doing and stand at attention in front of him.
A large feral bear could be heard padding into the area, her massive paws landing on the ground making soft thumps as she pads. The bear had a deep long breathing as she looks around the room, the bear's ears scan the area for any sounds that could be being created by people here. She was a very social bear loving every second of a company, but she was a shy silent feral. She pads over to the bar laying down a few feet from it and letting out a wide yawn. The large feral brown bear hoping for someone to join her.
I follow drake until I see the feral brown bear before me I walk up to her and look for a second not knowing what to do with myself.
pads in quietly and finds a seat on the couch, sprawling comfortably and watching the two feral bears with eyes full of interest.
the 1.2 ton ten foot long five foot tall feral brown bear could smell the other bear coming, she spins her head to look at the approaching feral. As he stands in front of her she grunts hello tilting her large head to the side..
I make a grunt in response to the greeting that Booker gave The large Grizzly looks at her not really seeing many feral bears until now.
looking at him as she hears the grunt in response a smile starts growing on the edges of her feral lips, the bear grunts and growls asking how he was in feral bear tongue, to the two anthroa watching and making bets it sounds hostile and threatening as bear talk was loud and up front. Lifting her body off the ground she grunts again sniffing. The large feral having a hard time finding feral bears in brown and loved to see one standing right in front of her..
Confused on what to do he mirrors her behavior and sniffs her the Grizzly finding it very enjoyable to finally find someone that will understand his grunts and growls in his primative mindset he nuzzles the female bear smiling as he does so.
the large feral bear could see he was a little confused and not knowing what to do with the same species and body type in front of him, with in fact she was a little clueless also. She smiles for the same reason he does as the two can keep secrets by talking full feral. She feels him nuzzle at her, she moves closer to him pressing her side to his side. She pad moved her large body up to his side rubbing her soft warm muzzle along his soft bear muzzle, her feral tongue licks at his male cheek and muzzle. She rumbles deeply pressing her chubby side to his nuzzling his muzzle and nosing at his snout..
I start grunting out the sentence "Do you have people trying to control you all the time?" As I do what she is doing feeling completly natural showing effection to my own kind.
The large bear listens to the feral male as she nods slowly, She begins to grunt she has a kind loving master that she would do anything for, but he never forces her to do anything she didn't want. The soft thick fur of the two bears begins to mesh as she presses her large sized body up to his, The smell of male musk and female pheromones can be smelled by the male being pressed up to her side. Booker was a herm, having body male and female reproductive organs. She Grunts softly at him in a cooing manner rubbing the bottom of her thick fuzzy muzzle along the top of his head. She gently presses her cold wet snout to his forehead beginning to groom the male out of affection. She gently gives small love bites with her lips as she grooms along his head. She was unaware of the bear that was looking at the two..
Smelling both pharamones sends the large bear's brain into confusion on what to do since this is near the end of mating season for Grizzlies and even though he has homosexual tendencies he does eventually mate with a female during mating season. He just ignores it though he begins to groom the other bears face starting near her maw and going up he starts lovingly biting the ears. The pharamones causing whatever thoughts in his mind to shut down and go off instinct.
This bear had a tendency to start the mating season early and always end it late, she was still in her prime season but it didn't show much. She could smell the male musk coming off of the male grizzly in season but the musk did make her press her side onto his a bit more. She gently presses her head down under his own, she was showing her female side more to the dominate smelling male, it was instinct too. The large bear shivers all down her long spine as her ears are taking into his wet warm bear maw. Booker's ears are a weak spot on her body and she closes her eyes to the very amazing sensation being created by the male. Rubbing her head down she presses the top of her head to the sides of his neck rubbing slowly, her forepaw moving down to gently rub along his forepaws. She lets him groom her neck and face as her head rises up again to press their cheeks together..
Aiden walks into the room, sweaty and hyped up after a long day at the gym. He was tired, but didn't want to end his night working out. He wanted to end it with some type of lewd activity. Maybe a spit roast. Maybe a gangbang. Maybe even just one on one. All he knew was that he wanted to end the day with lewdness galore..
Licking his chops & smiles sadistically while he sways his bushy tail from side to side.
I snicker and walk to my room (PM), my tail swaying from side to side with anticipation.
The Stocky/Masculine k9 needed no further encouragement as big as he was still walking on all fours with a rather quicken pace, making his way towards the room of the stranger.
 Walks Down from my room andfinds my usual spot on the sofa and flops down on it. I stretch out on it and yawn, having had a long day. I am wearing a pair of blue jeans and a black T-shirt..
Elan walks in but a cute Fox this time with a royal blue Nike hoodie with. White Nike symbol also black skinny jeans and blue and white Nike sb skate shoes has the hoodie unzipped with a black belly shirt tank showing my soft cute belly I come downstairs and sit on my own couch my hood is up and my ear are sticking put o the hood.
 I smile over and waive. * Morning! * I brush my long black hair out of my face with the other paw and stretch once more..
elan looks up and smiles too as I wave*  morning dude* I say blushing cutely.
 i notice you blush and blush a bit my self..
giggles shyly as u blush still a little shy around New people here.
 grin a bit sitting up on the dark green sofa..
 blushes as I say that* Nice to meat u too remo*giggles cutely.
 get up and go to the bar. I grab a mug and pour some coffee in to it..
 blushes and Murrs as I think to myself.
 I smaile and do my best not to iver do it on the light and sweet. But i finish shortly bringing the mug back over you you and setting it on the coffee table..
 blushes as I say something dirty and giggles nervously.
 I blush again,.
blushes cutely as I get up and sit next to remo and put down my hood revealing my foxy face and a cute blush across my face.
 blush deeply, scraching the back of my head as you sit down next to me..
blushes deeply across my face at remos question .
 I grin and say taking your paw and leading you up to my room. I open the door and we walk inside. My room is rather large and it was equiped with a Kitchen a living room and a lardge bed..
blushes as u take me up to your room when I walk inside I stare In awe.
 I go in to the bathroom and shut the door..
 blushes as I sit on the bed and wait for you to come out as I just sit with my hoodie and rest of my cloths including my shoes I then take off my shoes cause it's polite.
 I come out of the bathroom dressed in only a pair od light sleep pants. I look around for you and blush to see you sitting on my bed..
giggles and blushes* yeah I did u look good in those...*I blush a deep cute red across my foxy face*  also took my shoes off to not ruin it carpet* giggles.
 I grin blushing a bit still..
 blushing deeply.
 flops down on to my bed grinning over at you.* Well if you want them off, take them off me. * I say wiggling my hips..
 blushes as I take them off murdering happily.
 I murr lifting my hips and letting you slide my sleep pants off. You can see the black tip of my cock poking out of my sheath. .
 strips and teases a little by bending over in front of u as I take my jeans off and shake my ass as I do I then take my hoodie off but leave the spaghetti strapped and netted belly tank on though and now I'm presenting my naked self to u*  u like what u see* blushes.
 I get up off the bed and move around you, pressing my hips in to your rear and my muzzle in to your neck. I grown softly  taking my paw and wrapping it around your sheath and squeezing.* Fuck yeah i do. * I grind my hips in to you and you can fel me swelling between your but cheeks..
 whines out like a slut as u swell around my bubbly cheeks.
 I bite your neck and growl loudly..
 suckles on your cock when I get on my knees I suck it like a slut would.
 I groan and put both of my paws on the back of your head. I thrust my hips forward, grinding my quickly selling cock in to the back of your eager throat. I huff and the tip of my cock drools pre on to your tongue as i swell to my full ten inches. I moan and hump my self in to your muzzle..
suckles down to your  balls as u thrust down my throat I moan like a slut.
 I hump and grinding pushing you head down on me, I maon and pant, letting go of your head a few moments later..
sucks harder as I use my tounge for added please as I moan LIme a slut.
 I hump and pant softly, stroking your cheek with one paw..
gets up and leans over the bed shaking my ass teasing blushing cutely.
 I come up behind you and you can feel my heavy cock slide up against you. YOu hear me growl again and i use my paw to guide my tip down to that tiny pink pucker. you can feel  me push up against you. I slam my cock in to you all at once, giving it to you like you wanted. I start humping and thrusting my self in to you..
moans out like a slut as I get penetrated by it large cock.
 I moan and push your head down in to the bed. I huff and drive my self in to you even faster, my other paw pulling roughly on the bace of your tail as i distroy your tail hole..
 I pull my dick out of you and flip you over on to your back on the bed. I lift your legs high and jam my cock back inside you. I hunch over you my body slapping hard against yours. i hunch over you and bit your neck hard and you can feel my whole body throbb and begin to buckle..
 moans out like a slut.
I begin to wake up from last night's endevores I walk into the living room stretching.
I walk in walking over to Woz covered in blood and holding a cleaners servered leg.
I walk over to Woz and present the leg to him standing at attention awaiting orders blood slowly trickling down and dripping on the floor.
I run up to drake and stand at attention.
I sit obediently i look up at drake.
takes a sit in a small chair quietly and twiddles his thumbs idoly, trying to just mind his buissness while the professionals work.
ANGRY STOMACH SOUNDS.
I sit at attention waiting for more orders trying to hide my enjoyment from drakes healing.
Damien walks into the bar, a white wolf with blue highlights. Wearing a red button up shirt and black jeans he walks over to the bar and takes a seat.
the avain lifts up his glass to the wolf as he joins him..
I remove my body armor then put it in my bag before dragging Woz to Drake and look at both of them waiting for more orders.
I look over at Damien then at drake confused waiting for confirmation on his intentions.
I look at drake confused i try to interpret what order he said.
I stand like a statue.
I lay down and close my eyes my eyes barely open to see if drake left or not.
Another feral bear pads into the room, she huffs looking around having done some work and wanted to relax. She sniffs a small amount looking around the room again, seeing all this activity in the room was making her smile along the edges of her large feral lips. She spots the other large feral bear, with a grin she starts moving closer thinking he was sleeping, she and plans to jump on him. Not seeing drake as she had bear tunnel vision on the what she thought was a sleeping burr..
The ten foot long five foot tall 1.2-ton feral bear stops out of kindness in front of the drake, looking at him with an annoyed look on her large feral face. The bear grunts at him with a huff as she looks at her bear friend behind him, letting out another huff she looks back at the drake with her head tilted to the side staying silent. She digs her claws into the ground hoping he moves aside..
I begin to open my eyes I grunt out a hello as I begin to smile.
Continues drinking his strawberry-daiquiri/Barcardi Bourbon mix on his second cup as his birthday countdown commence making him turn 21 and all.
Tilting his head curiously.
I walk in sitting on a short couch looking at all the people here.
smirks with a shake of his head, finding a solitary table to take a seat at....crowds...never really a favorite of his... with a soft sigh, he'd slouch in the chair and look between the occupants, seeing who's who and who's where...small details the wolf liked to absorb...
Shrugs thinking Spencer was talking to him when in reality that wasn't the case. Now he'd be focused on sitting in his own Grey beanbag he brought with him swilling his alcoholic beverage as it burps nicely in his throat..
I say getting up and walks over to your Grey beanbag looking for somewhere to sit.
Starts to smirk while he pats to the spot right in front of his crotch, upon closer insepection you're welcome to a wide, bulky, and large pink sheath, which came with a nice pair of plump, fuzzy, round, cum-filled massive grapefruit sized pink balls as well* I think I found a much sweeter treat~ *Raises his cup to Drake.
I blush really hard sitting in front of your crotch  putting my paws on your wide bulky sheath looking up to you as I breathe in your scent.
Soon he gets distracted from Jonathan going to town on him slowly, add to the fact A fellow Vodka drinker was watching him, Jonathan was rewarded with him only being at half-mast but even then that motherfucker was bulky, hefty, & thick as it pulses from you sniff and examine it due to him being easily aroused..
I blush at your large size as I grip it with both paws, I slowly lick the half hard length from base to tip, when I get to your thick tip I give it a shy kiss knowing that other guys are watching.
can't help but peek his ears at the commotion, watching with a faint smirk coming across his muzzle...well, at least crowds can be entertaining!...hell, he might even have to find a room to go....relieve the tension that starts to mount in his jeans..
I pull off my tight shorts so that my hard thick cock hangs out and it also shows off my nicely shaped butt, I lick your pre cum covered shaft as it wear a exotic treat, I slowly rub your large full balls getting a good feel of them.
Slowly gets up and nudges Drake, still with that smirk stuck in  his muzzle.* One hell of a show, eh? *he'd comment, motioning to knox and Johnathan.
I blush hard spreading my legs for you as you press and rub your large balls and larger meat against my own, I lick and kiss your chest as I grind back into your grinding,  all the pleasure makes his cock a sticky musky mess while using my paws to rub at the base of your thick wide cock.
smirks and nods as he crosses his arms, watching knox and Johnathan with ever increasing interest, peeking down at Drake as he flaunts that bulge...He can't help but snicker as he turns around and gives his own rump a firm slap, his tail swishing about happily behind him, of course this action being directed toward knox.
yips as he rather suddenly grabbed and his neck is kissed, letting out a rather soft, if not feminine moan, wiggling about slightly as his toned rump is left on display.
sips at his drink and enjoys the veiw.
the wolfs jeans would be getting tighter and tighter as his neck is kissed, making him shiver slightly, his tail wagging quickly as he tries to hold back his moans as his rump is grabbed.. even if he tried to talk...to much would come out of it, maybe a few 'Oh god's.
I yip as you start humping at my big full balls while I wrap my legs around your waist giving you access to any part of my lower body that you want.
I look at the two guys at the bar and at their bulging crotches wondering how they taste.
I'm broken out of my pondering as your huge wide cock presses against my virgin tail hole, I grit my teeth as you slowly start spreading and stretching my tight unused hole around your huge girth.
 I howl out as you force your oversized shaft balls deep inside of me forming a bulge in my belly.
I gasps as you pull out of my tight hole making it gap a little from your size. I watch you take out a huge tube of lube and lather your self up .
I blush and groans as you push back inside of my while I pull your muzzle in for a kiss .
I moans loudly as you fuck my like a rabbit in rut making me cum hard from the shear pleasure.
I kiss you deeply as you breed my tight body, the bulge in my belly grows and shrinks with each thrust of your huge cock.
I grunt and moan as you bludgeon my tight hole and sensitive prostate squirming as you take me like a bitch in heat, I clenched down on you as you howl and start spurting gallons of hot sticky seed into me making my belly bulge even more before you pull out painting my body with your musky spooge.
all but shivers as his neck is still kissed, already panting softly as his tail would wag quickly about behind him...seems he's quite frozen by things contacting his neck! He can only manage a small yip as knox starts to bite and suckle on his neck, drawing small whimpers to join In his moans.
I groan laying on the floor in the huge sticky mess trying to get my bearings back.
shivers and shudders at the continously attention to his neck, his fur fluffing up slightly, his moans only growing louder as Drake rubs his bulge, the fabric of his jeans looking like it was about to burst.
closes his eyes tight as he'd arch his back at the attentions still given to his neck..it took awhile for his brain to register that something was touching his throbbing length inside of his jeans, but stilll, it would throbbing and pulse violently leaking messy amounts of pre onto drakes paw.
Griz watching the situation begins to pant loudly his body filled with arousal.
I get onto my hands and knees panting regaining my strength as I lift my tail to let the gallons of cum to leak out of me.
no resistance is found as his pants are tugged down and his length is stroked, but it does draw more moans from his maw. Something about being bent over at the waist and pawed off, not to mention having his neck kissed, this wolf was essentially jello.
Griz walks over to legendary still panting his cock poking out as his feral mind is already clouded by his urge to mate and would do anything to fufill this desire.
seems to be quite locked in position, having his neck stimulated for that long ,even once drake let him go, he'd be rather bent over, shivering and shaking.
Griz cannot resist the urge anymore He brings his cock to Fitz's awaiting hole and stick it in his ass his thrusts are hard and fast as Griz dominate every part of him and hitting his prostate with every thrust in grunting loudly every few seconds.
Griz begins to grunt uncontrollably as he thrusts into Fitz loving the feeling of mating with him as I thrust my maw slowly going on top of Fitz's he feels Griz's heavy breaths and grunts as he opens his maw to playfully bite on his ears.
His body didn't seem to want to respond to his commands as he was dominated by the bear, moaning shamlessly at the feral breeding and how he submits to it, his eyes closing as a soft whimper joins his moan as the bear would breath heavily over his ears before biting them... his body's first reaction being to press back into the breeding, relishing the stretching of his hole.
The bear's cock starts to leak precum into Fitz's ass I thrust harder in response to it feeling him press back I thrust even harder giving your prostate a beating more than it has been he stops biting Fitz's ears still breathing on Fitz's head he can smell my strong bear musk as it fills his nostrils it completely dominates his senses.
that musk was something else really, he took in breath after breath of it, making his whole world go fuzzy. But the feeling of his prostate getting pounding into the stone age, it wasn't much longer before his knot would flare and start spurting off gush after gush of his seed, splattering his belly and the floor below him as he's just about to buckle underneath the domineering beast mating him.
Mindlessly chews at a burger..
Casually drinks his alcoholic beverage.
steals the berg.
raises his hand.
Griz walks over to Woz seeing his raid uniform He stands at attention awaiting orders I eye my armor still trying to stay in the right position I grunt at Woz a little.
Griz still stands at attention seeing if any of his two handlers will order him he grunts in frustration.
Blitz walks down stairs only to look around for what is causing all the commotion before sneaking to the bar. He sits down and watches intensely.
The bear looks over at anyone who wants to play after hear passive knowing he can take a break.
I run over to Aiden i sit on the floor and look at him.
I look at Griz and smile.
The feral bear sees his smile He smiles to.
Blitz lowers his ears as he hears the bar is closed and gets up to wander around.
Wags his tail and sits back down quickly.
Griz enjoyed the petting on the ears he walks over to the bar his hind paws on the table to stand himself up he looks around wondering what everything is.
I hand Blitz his orange juice before making Victors White Russian. I look over at Victor playing g with what looks like a compass..
I look over st Flare and smile.
I pour a bowl of honey-flavored milk for Griz.
He sits at the bar, sipping his orange juice. He looks at Victor listening to him describe his device.
hands you a corona light.
the dragon rears up on his hind legs, standing about six feet tall to push open the door, cantering in and sitting up on the table in one of the booths, tail hanging off of one side of the table, a paw hanging off the other, slumping lazily and watching the crowd, glancing down at a menu occasionally.
yells over from the bar.
slides over a mini pillow and smiles.
he cranes his head up over the seat and nods* A quart of your best quadruppel on tap. *his tail swings side to side excitedly, thwapping the seat.
he flumps his head down on the table in disappointment.
he perks up a bit as his drink arrives, pulling the tray close in a forepaw, tipping the glass a bit and sipping, purring deeply once he tastes it, smiling wide.
he glances at the taps to see if there are any good ones, distracted by the next line* Really? Dragons are pretty common in my experience. Pleasure to meet you! *he moves his tail out of the way of the seats for the booth he's laying on the table of to make room for Spencer, pulling it up onto the table with him.
Griz sees the other feral bear in the room and smiles he grunts out a greeting and walks over his pads thumping on the floor as he does so.
his attention returns to his drink for a moment, taking another sip slowly, tailtip swinging back and forth a little.
he nods, glancing curiously up and down Spencer.
brings a coffee to Spencer.
he reaches a wing out and rubs it at Spencer's head.
I bring the bear some honey and smile.
he purrs curiously, peeking down, feeling around carefully, and sniffing at Spencer's coffee.
he tilts his head, dipping a paw into the coffee, then quickly withdrawing it* Ooh, still hot! *he licks off his fingers quickly, then rests his paw back down on Spencer's lap, rubbing around lazily, the front and back of his furred paw feeling around.
he runs his digits about, lifting them away as the wolf undoes his pants, looking down over the edge of the table to steal a look at what was there!.
he's surprised as his head is pulled down against Spencer's groin, his snout pressed firmly against the wolf's sheath, a couple of hot breaths filling his pants with warm air, his inhales filling his snout with the scents of a horny wolf! He nudges his snout up into the sheath gently, standing up a bit on the table, held in a bit of an awkward position across the booth.
I bring over some more coffee* I see I'm not needed any more. *giggles and smiles.
he purrs as Spencer's shaft fills his snout, closing his lips on it and suckling gently, bobbing his head just a little, tonguing over the tender organ!.
he's pulled over the table a bit further as the wolf tries to push deeper and deeper in, the dragon's lips pressed down onto a furred sheath, feeling Spencer's tip prodding at the back of his throat! He pulls up a little against the wolf's pull, the force pushing him right back down, giving a few more attempts and pulling off, his lips slipping along the wolf's length, his mouth warm, damp, and squeezing firmly~.
he pants a few times, though he doesn't lift his head away, the dragon's sheath having filled out, most of an erection already poking free, hanging over the table, the wolf's scent still filling his nose.
he slowly and carefully climbs off of the table to follow Aiden back there.
he curls his tail around Aiden and pulls him into the back room!.
flies.towards.the back room, laughing.
whines "im all alone" .
he calls out from the back room, muffled by distance.
Griz walks in the front door wearing a uniform including body armor that says LMB security he is on the phone yelling at someone in german.
I scream from the back room.
Holding a Sturmgewehr 44 converted to 8mm Mauser griz sits down and looks at Woz.
I take the beer out of Roland's hand and replace it with an appletini..
holds hands up innocently.
I laugh and wave around an unpoped bag of popcorn before throwing it to Seppo..
I walk over and take a seat across from the dragon.
Griz looks at the scene unfolding and grunts he looks at Aiden and smiles* Jgermeister bitte. *He looks over Aiden admiring his body.
smacks you on the nose with a newspaper.
I show him a menu and smile.
Griz smiles and continues to stare at Aiden.
I run back to the bar, getting another Appletini and handing it to Roland before getting Griz's Jgermeister and Banteris's coke and bringing those to them..
Griz smiles and drinks the jager.
I say as I got up, leaving the Coke on the table and returning to my position at the bar, cleaning the glasses..
I walk over and smile at Hindai..
I peer over and grab something from under the counter and walk over to Banteris again.* One more thing. Have a gift. *I set a brand new sketchbook down on the table..
Sneaks his way around..
catches it and hands it back.
I hit Roland's nose with the newspaper* Still too strong. Relax. Take it slow. *I say as I head to the back to get both the water and Rum Chatta, bringing them both back..
I ask Roland as I hit a remote that turns on slow music, handing the remote to Klaus..
I noticed and rushed over, handing Hindai a napkin and smiling.* Want to know an interesting fact? *I say as I take the ten.
I say with a grin.
I lean back and give a soft laugh.
I call to Klaus.
I nod and do a little fancy moves with the bottles as I slide the rum and coke down the counter to you.
I smile and lean against the counter, grabbing a glass and towel and cleaning it.
I smile and wipe my mouth off with a napkin.
I say, nodding to Hindai.
bops your nose again.
clears throat.
I walk back in from my break and survey the situation* Zulikath, think fast! .
I say with a wink, not even looking up from cleaning my glass.
Feeling her heated belly he knows shes in heat and knows she must ache as he nods to her with a soft smile as he leans in licking her wet pink lips softly and savoring the sweet taste* id love to help soothe your heated loins *he licks the big feral bear's hot wet pink lips once more as he looks to her needy eyes with a fiery lust to tell the feral in his eyes that he's ready for her.
Loud rapid banging is heard by everyone it is coming from outside along with flahes of light.
Tge source is from Griz firing his trusty Sturmgewehr converted to 8mm he is wearing his PMC uniform but the labling is in Russian.
I grunt at drake.
I point to zhwazi* Good idea! *I grab a bottle of ever clear and pour it into a glass and slide it down the counter for Roland.
Smiles, I will have a dirty gin martini with extra olives.
I nod and go into the back where I keep spare bottles and the olives, coming back a few minutes later with your drink and setting it on the country her in front of you.
Sips at the salty yet enjoyable flavour of my favourite drink, wondering why I am here.
waves to the newcomer.
walks into the room looking around taking in the scene , wearing a nice blue shirt and a pair of black jeans.
looks at the Fox from her place at the counter, sipping a drink. She says nothing but smiles lightly after assessing his posture.
I glance your way as my posture indicates that I'm in a playful mood, once I see that you're looking to me I commence to make my towards you.  I take a seat next to you smiling warmly.
 I look into your eyes giving you a sly wink as I scoot a little closer to you , leaning closer to you I get a good nose full of your wonderful scent.
looking over at the rather attractive young lady serving drinks,  I smiled, "It is not magic, Miss, but rather science,  somewhere in a parallel universe someone just misplaced their cup of coffee, seemingly vanishing into thin air,  only to appear in front of me.
 I come down from my room and flop in my usual spot. I listen to the convorsation going on. It was indeed an interesting. I flop and lay back on the dark green sofa..
 I do indeed notice and a moment after i hear your door close i walk up the stairs and to your door. I sniff and press my ear to the door. and after a moment i knock..
I look at the door.
put shopping bags away.
 I giggle a bit..
 I open the door and come in, a grin on my face..
 I giggle a little walking up to you..
 Smiles sitting down on your bed..
shake his head* no not bad time, well no one visit my room well i guess i will used to it, *look at remo.
 Giggles and licks your chin..
taking a seat at the bar he takes a swing of a strong liquor.
I walk in groggily, walking behind the bar to start yet another day of bartending and pleasing customers in any way I saw fit..
Griz walks inside blood stains on his claws and face he is holding his trusty Sturmgewehr 44 converted to 8mm Mauser.
I walk to the bar and sit down looking at Aiden as he works away.
I say with a small, pouring coffee into a small cup and setting it on the counter in front of you.
Looks exited once he hears food since he hasnt ate in awhile.
hands you a menu from under the counter.
He looks over the menu and sees something he likes.
I walk over to Kaladin.
Griz smiles as he hears the news.
I head to the back and sounds of sizzling grease and the smells of food can be smelled throughout the bar. After some time I come back with all the food ordered and hand them to the appropriate customers.
he drinks from his own.
I eat the tilapia and feel the wierd feeling of becoming feral once again I go somewhere private and lay down hopefully sleeping deep enough to become the big playful feral bear people seem to like.
goes to the back and comes back with your tater tots, your dunkel, and Griz's tilapia.
The attempt at becoming feral was a success Griz opens his eyes and grunts out a greeting towards Booker looking more exited as he begins to awaken more.
Griz runs outside to the pool area and sees Drake trying to be quiet as he padded his way around him watching what is going on in almost child like wonder.
Griz reaches for the ball not knowing what it is.
I run behind the counter after coming out from the back too..
Griz looks annoyed at the ball of light He looks at Drake and smiles.
Griz gets a ball and sets it down in front of drake and sits hoping for praise which he has not gotten in awhile.
looks exited and gets up his full attention on the ball.
Griz jumps into the pool and swims franticly to get it he grabs it and gets out if the pool and sets the ball down in front of him.
runs after the ball running past it in his exited sprint he grabs the ball and brings it back seeing if he impressed master.
jumps up and down at the word treat seeing I impressed Drake.
looks at Aiden happily.
I chuckle as I appeared right in front of Drake and Griz. I take out a huge piece of steak and throw it over to Griz smiling slightly..
I ravage the steak K J gave me the juices covering my face as I finish.
I watch the bear tear up that big piece of meat right in front of me. I would begin to chuckle again and alot more than before, I never really was this happy, but today was the day I was a little more in a better mood..
I look at KJ sensing his desire I try to hint it to Drake.
I look over at KJ to see if master wiuld get the hint.
I looked over at Aiden and put my arm around him smiling just a little more.* "Why sure! I'd love a drink." *My tail wagged slowly and I looked right at the bear again, but for a brief second and begin walking..
I start to think if KJ was feral like me he would be happy I walk to someone that knows magic.
I look at what is displayed up in the bar and I think for a moment, I would stop and look at Aiden and say* "Give me whatever you have that'll sure give a great kick!" *As I sit myself down, I thought about Griz, and had a feeling that he wanted to communicate with me..
I grab the glass that he had mixed up for me. I take a good look at it, seeing the dark orange colour and the violent fizz it made, it sure looked like some drink. I hold it up to him and say* "Cheers!" *I tilt my head back and down it all, slamming my glass down and in a few seconds I feel my throat get really hot and then feel my face getting cold, sending shivers down my spine and my eye twitching, I cough once and shake my head and chuckle..
I look at master thinking he would know some magic I beg for him I go over to KJ and touch him with my snout to hint at what I'm thinking.
As I take a moment to have all that alcohol flow through me, I felt a nudge right on my right leg. I look down and it was Griz, I smiled of course and hold my paw out to him and say.
This form not used to talking just says his thoughts.
I would immediately hear what Griz was saying, I chuckle and pet him nice and gently. I would nod and say* "Is that right?" *I look at Drake and chuckle more.
I look over at KJ to see what happened.
Adjusts blue plaid skirt..
My eyes widen at the sound of argument..
grabs baseball bat and whacks a window out.
Giggles and breaks the rest of the windows.
I scream in masculine excitement, despite the fact I'm dressed like a school girl..
Giggles and grabs a Broadsword.
I sneak up behind Ty and grabs him around the waist.
nuzzles against your neck.
I pick Ty up and carries him to a lone couch.
eludes Todd's grasp.
grabs you by your tail.
Glares at Todd..
grins and pulls you into my lap caressing your ears.
kisses your nose.
Smiles and writes a check of am exorbitant amount..
Rolls my eyes.
Giggles then takes a huge swig from a bottle of rum..
looks around slightly bewildered, and slowly slinks his way over behind the bar area on all fours, sitting out of Zhwazi's way to observe the layout of the area.
peeks his head up over the bar, flaring his ears.
Notices missing Rum and looks over the counter, flashing everyone pink panties.
I look around in my feral form padding around the living room.
looks behind me and glares dramatically..
scoots over and sits in the corner, staying mostly behind the bar and quietly watching.
Approaches Drake..
sighs and goes to the bar..
My eyes widen as I stand in my pink panties..
Nods at you and lays some cash down on the table, grabs a bottle then chases after Drake.
I giggle as I take a swig out of my bottle.
I get up and heads over to the bar , finding a seat I occupy it and looks around for a menu.
loud moaning echoes through the room from the inn rooms.
I wait patiently looking around the room just observing.
a moan followed by a scream than more moaning echoes loudly.
he asks kindly of the furred dragon.
he asks as he fills the glass taking a gulp and smiling a tiny bit.
Suddenly the moaning comes back and the wall rumbles as if something was shaking it, knocking anything that have been hanging up there.
the moans get louder, and echo consistently.
he says taking out his wallet.
 I pull out a hundred and hands it to you.
picks up a book.
takes a seat upon the stool while swiveling side to side.
swallows the book whole and gets up.
cracks his fingers.
I walk up to you and sit obediently.
I look at Jashin with a smile i grab a ball and set it down near him.
I begin to sit obediently in front of Jashin.
I jump up and down exited ready for him to play.
I chuck the ball and chuckle as it bounces across the room.
I chase the ball throughout the room I catch it in my mouth and bring it back to Jashin.
I chase it again and bring it back in the same fashion as last time.
I run into the woods to get the ball It takes me a few minutes but I bring it back to drake i look at the leash that is near then at drake to see if he knows what I was thinking.
I jump exitedly and stick out my collar.
I let my master lead me knowing i needed to be good.
I exitedly look around i start chasing a bug for some reason.
I feel a tug and submissivly goes back to him.
I look at the salmon jumping my mouth watering.
I run into the river making big splashes with every step playfully trying to catch the fish.
I smile at the praise feeling good that I impressed master.
I run over to Jashin with a fish in my mouth.
I put it down to present it to him.
I follow Jash to drake.
Being in his Bartender's uniform behind the counter washing out the mixture glass while smiling at him, you'd notice the stocky/ thick built Karelian Bear Dog with a black vest on with a black tie, under it with white long sleeve shirt..
Taking the money politely before placing it in the cash register in the right places and closed it back, before washing any other glass. After that goes towards the draft beer checking for the quality of it..
a rumble is heard on the beach, a noise remisint of the world war II spitfires. On the horizon is  a dark green jeep, simply heading in for a drink, not expecting much more. As he approaches he sees the werewolves, locking hard on the breaks but the loose sand not doing much to stop the vehicle. Noticing that he can't stop he ducks below the dashboard in the nick of time, moments after a heavy mettalic bang is heard as the steel bumper on the front of the jeep slams into one of the werewolves still lingering outside, the werewolf being pulled under the vehicle. Jeep still running he climbs out, a .375 mangnum that he carries everywhere on his hip. As he sees the creature now crushed under the jeep he draws his weapon, nervously and slowly creeping in the front door of the establishment, behind the lines of werewolves.
I walk to the kitchen to grab a bottle of whiskey. I look at my watch slowly giving up that my date will not arrive. Sit at the bar waiting for him. Siping my whiskey. I sigh as I take off my tux jacket. Taking off my shoes leaving my there in a white shirt and tie. With my black pants. Kinda disappointed. I fist up my paw in anger and wanting to punch a wall but I said..
I stand up to walk to the living room. Looking at it. Wondering what to do. Wanting to change it up a bit I begin re-arranging things..
seeing the bar under siege, he tries to assist, aiming his weapon at the back of one of the werewolves heads directly in front of Ryan and jashin, seeing jashin is wounded. He fires, hitting the werewolf in the back of the head, the hollow point round effective, but nowhere near as effective as a silver bullet* hey! *I wave at them as I try to break through the defences from behind* I got a vehicle outside if you can get to me *he says before aiming his revolver once more, firing another shot into a nearby werewolf.
he turns in time to see the one jumping on drake, lining up a shot and firing on a flinch reaction. The shot hits the werewolf in the cranium before he can fully bite down, killing him nearly instantly. He then runs over to Ryan and grab him, yanking him to his feet* We've got to get out of here! *the fox shouts before turning and running for the front door, hoping someone is still covering it.
he doesnt see drake charging at him as he runs out the door, heading back to the jeep and hoping someone is keeping up, seeing this as a lost cause, hoping to return with a little more firepower that a revolver with half its shots gone. In the following moments he hears drake's footsteps, and sprints to the vehicle as fast as he can, it still another 10 feet away.
he takes the moment that drake is shot to roll myself over under him, using my legs to kick him off, in slight shock as to what happened. I stammer to my feet, running to my vehicle and yanking the passenger side door open and jumping in.
he yelps as legendary jumps on him, as he was in the passenger seat. Working his way out from him, he clambers into the drivers seat, slamming the jeep into first and guns it quickly spinning it into a circle to face the beach and get one more look for survivors.
Eventually catches his breath still on guard but feels a bit safer now..
still sitting outside, engine running he looks over at legendary.
Thinks to himself having this dire moment he just remembered fucking Victor & Grayson were left behind a kid he's a bit of a loner....
with a look of frustration he replys, the images of what just happens playing over and over again in his head.
he sighs a pained sigh, knowing damn well going back in as is would be suicide* your right though, what do we have, 5 bullets left? We've got to move now, to the nearest hunting store and save their asses *he says, setting off down the beach, hitting anywhere between 50 and 80 mph as we race down the beach on the hard packed sand near the water.
Checks the gun again and indeed they only had fucking five bullets let that wasn't much right now but it'll make do... Keeping it in my lap and my katana holstered and settled on the glove compartment as we make our way somewhere..
 he soon peels off the beach and onto a side road where he blasts up the road, minutes later coming to a stop in front of my house* this is a good friend of mine's house. He is a retired marine so he keeps a small arsonal in his basement * he says getting out of the car and running into the house, scrambling into the basement.
I throw ledgen an ar-15, looking him dead in the eyes.
Looks him back square in the face narrowing his eyes as he reloads the welcome, before stepping closer..
I look legendary straight in the eyes and snarl* then what? We'll be killing our own kind as well as them, we need to go in now or kiss them goodbye *he reaches deep into the weapons cabnet and pulls out a m-60e1.
Growls and scowls at his words having not heard a single fucking thing he said.* Killing our own kind? What? You wanna go back and be breed or killed like they did to those people at the bar that I was at? And you do not understand the severity of the situation we got lucky because as I said THE FUCKING PLACE IS GONNA BE OVER RUN BY MORE GARMS AND IT'S LEADERS AND YOU'RE PLAYING THIS FUCKING IDIOTIC BLIND HERO WHEN THERE'S NOTHING TO SAVE!!! You know Drake's scent? I don't smell it anymore all I smell is a fucking corrupted werewolf now one last time we move towns or I'm just gonna go on my own then....
he grabs a pair of ammo belts off the shelf and drapes them over his shoulders, before grabbing a third and loading it into the machine gun, shaking my head* there's another one in the cabinet if you want more firepower. And if you don't want to save your friends and the bar as a whole you can stay here, if you do, I could use a gunner. *he says, his 5'3" frame barely bigger than the gun itsself as he jockies on the strap and heads up the stairs, stopping midway.
Already had taken extra ammo belts around his body, as much as he could in his pockets and makes sure his gun is well-maintained which it was as expected by a ex-marine and all, but he grabs one more ammo and cocks his Ar15 rifle.* I'm not a hero nor am I a villain I just do what I gotta do to survive but since I'm with you fuck it but I'm not going back where all those fucking creatures will be we'll have to find a nearby scouting area and I'll be your gunner. *With that he'd be about 6'4" built all tanky and shit but was rather quick, wise, and a fantastic fighter, only unmatched by his use of guns, while he follows you..
he climbs into the jeep, balencing his wepon on the center console, the ammo belts clinking as he clambers around the vehicle undoing a few bolts, and, before long, the windshield flops down onto the hood* there, you can shoot out across the hood *I say before getting into the drivers seat and cranking over the engine.
Immediately hops into the passenger side like this shit was a 1970's cop movie, which despite the horrible shit going on he still thought that was funny, his own bullets clanking about as he puts his seat-belt on, making sure his AR-15 was loaded which he was and he remember to reload the gun with five bullets in it adding 7 more and keeping spares in the glove compartment sticking his assault all around making sure none were following them..
I put in first and start to roll down the street, spinning around in a circle and racing back onto the beach* Do you know how to drive stick, in case I don't make it? *I shout as we race down the beach back towards the bar.
Nods his head in response very focused on his surroundings not really trying to be distracted, or anything as he new how to drive since 10 and got his first drivers ID in Alaska at age 16..
I nod and keep the petal on the floorboards, the infecteded bar coming into view on the horizon.
Being that we were within view I'd aim and look down on my iron sights with laser in it and start firing about 15 rounds right into the door before stopping emptying the clip, reloading it tactically, and snap it back on..
I jump slightly at the sounds of the first shots, and its then you notice that I'm not a hardened killer, but a relatively normal civilian, but keep powering towards the bar.
he turns off the beach and approaching the bar, slowing as he approaches, coming to a stop in front of the bar.
Immediately just start to kick the door open and throws a military grade "Smoke Bomb" that makes a enourmous puffy cloud that hid both Flaps & Outlaw as he charges through with his gun aiming forward..
I walk into the kitchen taking one of the pot of honeys and eating some as I walk out. Looking at everyone.
he grabs the weighty m-60, pulling it back to its cocked, open bolt position , charging in alongside legendary, opening fire to lay down a blanket of suppressive fire.
Starts opening firing in the area which Jashin could be found & what he assumed to be may be now fucking Drake just looked different which made his stomach churn..
I see flare ran by. I scratch my head and walk the other way. I sip my coffee as I begin looking around the house. Seeing if anyone is present. I walk out to the pool. Turning on the lights as I check it out. Wondering if I can just jump in or not.
he says before turning and charging up the stairs, each step a bit of work as he lugs the 40 lbs weapon. Upon reaching the top of the stairs he raises his weapon and begins to scan the room. He spots soon spots svel* don't move! *he shouts, pointing the gun straight at him.
upon seeing what is occuing in the room, he soon realizes that they have the situation upstairs and runs back downstairs, setting up on the bannister, lining up and releasing a stream of bullets in the direction of jashin, trying not to hit drake.
he exclames as he stops firing, before flopping over on his gun, face down.
I jump into the pool only in my swimsuit. I begin swimming around. I hear noices in the distance. Growling and snarling. But ignore it and continue to swim around happly.
I walk in my feral form my steps makes a thumping noise as I walk I sit down in front of the nearest person.
I run up to drake and nuzzle him my leash still dragging between my hind legs.
I look in confusion i sniff him.
I jump up in an attempt to lick drakes face.
I smile at my master and sitting in front of him.
I wait to see what drake wants me to do.
I ravage the steak the juices and blood on my face I walk over to Yan sniffing him.
I sit in front of drake and put my head on his lap.
I get startled by the noise looking angry at Yan.
My eyes feel heavy drake feels me relax and trying to fight sleep.
I look exited to see the other feral bear inside as I approach her and grunt out a hello.
He happily takes it ripping it apart I start a conversation.
I sniff around questioning the smell then see the markings.
The Grizzly licks her face in return and grunts out* whos are they? *Looking curious.
I feel happy knowing that more bears will be in the forests remembering bears are not exactly baby factories.
Outlaw just smirks and nods his head..
I grunt happily* I would love to take care of the cubs. *as I play with her.
I huff and grunt in response* yes I would love that? *I get off of her waiting to see what her plan is.
the wolf slowly walks in with a small yawn, rubbing his eyes as he moves about in a blurry haze, finding his way over to a couch, promptly flopping down on it with a small 'oooph'..
blinks a few times as his ear perk, hearing the conversation.
Downs a whole bottle of scotch quickly before feeling the effects & passes out..
flops back into bed, letting his head flop back on the couch..
eventually finds his way off the couch, swinging by the bar, blinking a few times as he looks down at outlaw passed out.* right..something to drink..then attempt to go deeper in this dream....* he mumbles softly as he snags a bottle of rum before zombie shuffling upstairs.
I run inside the house in my anthro form in full body armor Wearing a facemask and helmet to cover my face i look out the window and sigh in relief and put a duffle bag on the kitchen counter.
I place the bag near Drake and sit by him taking off my mask I got debris on my face.
I look at him.
I look at drake.
I open the duffle its full of money i show it to drake.
I look confused.
sweats nervously..
Prince smiled, and puffed a cloud of smoke out of his nostrils, wondering why was he denied any better views..
I put the money somewhere safe and go in the living room only wearing a pair of shorts with "LMB SECURITY" written on one of the pantlegs.
I walk over to the one your holding.
I smile warmly at Blaze observing his behavior.
A knock at the front door ribgs throughout the house I ride behind the counter i look at drake.
the knocking gets louder a voice is heard outside.
he lowers his voice down.
The officer looks at drake.
He squints his eyes seeing if your lying he shrugs.
I fell asleep behind the counter I wake up and look over at drake i kick off my shorts because my feral form hates clothes besides his collar he looks around for it before drake sees him without it not wanting to disappoint master.
I desperatly try to find my collar which is right next to drake.
I look sad thinking Indisappointed master by not having my collar on.
I smile sitting in front of drake I let him put on my collar.
I smell him not knowing how to react i look at master he always knows best.
I smile at the pups I sit down looking at them until master wants me to do anything else.
I smile at him letting him do what the pup wants to do to me.
I sit their smiling at master's pup feeling good that I get to see them.
I look over at drake with a playful look.
I lift him up with my paw and put him on my back I walk over to master with a ball i found.
I walk over to it and bring it back.
I nod exitedly seeing master and his pup happy I put Blaze down and sit by masters side.
I look behind me and smile but look at master to see what he wants.
I keep my paw still letting him lay.
I eat it i nuzzle master showing my love for him.
Hearing the serious tone in masters voice I hear protect pup I nod never wanting to let master down.
I smile feeling the relaxatiom hit me hard.
I relax beginning to fall sleep.
scribbles out his plans for 13 hours of sleep..
 Passes right the heck out..
 Yawns nd peels off my uniform hirt as i lay in bed in my room..
 I sit bolt upright out of my bed and rech for my hand gun which was still on my hip. I do now draw however..
I take my hand away from my side arm.* That's what knocking is for. You knock to see if a place is occupied. * I try to take the edge out of my voice. You had startled me just as much as I had you and my blood was up after a long day at work..
My eyes are sunken and there are dark circles just below them. I obviously hadn't had much sleep. The only thing in my room that is clean, is my uniform. The rest smells like whiskey and cigarettes. I brush my Greecey hair out of my face and go over to the counter, where there is a half empty bottle of Jack Daniels and an ashtray full of butts. With out even the aid of a simple glass I tip the bottle back and take a swallow. I set the bottle down and look back over at you..
I walk in wearing a pair of athletic shorts.
I get down on the ground grunting and wincing in pain covering my ears.
I keep on the floor trying to drown out a noise thats incompacitating me.
There are speakers set up in random areas outside trying to send a noise Inside.
As I get back up your hear people yelling orders to people in French hidden in the woods outside.
you see a person come up with a stun gun and shoot it in your direction I start shooting at the people yelling at them.
I kill most of them I get closer* YOU MOTHERFUCKERS HAVE NO JURUSTICTION HERE! *I keep shooting at them.
I walk back in with their guns and other valuables I looted from their bodies.
I go to sleep by Blaze waking up a few minutes later but still laying down smiling at the pups.
I hear masters voice and look happy but look nervous when i realise my collar is gone.
I smile still looking at drake waiting for orders.
I lay down and watch the pups.
I walk over to blaze and grab him and bring him back to master.
I chase blaze carefully I eventually catch him bringing him to master again.
I go different directions playfully to entertain the pup.
I tilt my head until I look under the couch and look at blaze.
I lay down letting him play on my back.
I lay down trying to stay still I look at master.
I try to get it out of your hand snapping my jaw at the ball obviously wanting to play.
I bring it back to master and looking at the salmon waiting for the order.
I eat the fish having scales on my face.
I sit in front of Dax.
I jump on Dax licking his face.
I dont stop I keep going not understanding him.
I go to the pool I drink the water from it.
I jump on drake now licking his face.
I chase the ball it landed in the pool I jump in and get it getting out I bring it to master I'm soaking wet.
You hear gunshot and a roar from the woods then a scream.
Drake sees me mauling a hunter to death I'm limping on one leg.
I lay down following at the commands that master gives I look around for my ball.
I chew on my ball and feel good as master heals my wounds.
I obediently get up and follow master back.
I sit on the floor next to master looking thirsty.
I drink the water very quickly then look at master again.
I jump on the couch next to Jashin.
runs around as im a pup.
runs pass ceekay as I do I boop his nose.
giggles and tackles u and nuzzles u.
hears another pup and does a pip bark only pups can hear.
giggles and gets up and runs around with u.
I look at drake waiting for something to happen.
trips and rolls into big burr.
I lay next to master.
gets up and looks around .
looks up at garm.
runs around everyone .
runs in the bar and sees u both and tries to scare u and does a cute pup bark.
Jason widened his eyes as he looks at the firebird. He held him back on the stool as he hold him upright..
bang* you're singing while fighting? *bang*" And then *click.
I walk downstairs looking around to see if anyone is present. Not seeing a single soul I walk into the kitchen. Stealing a honey pot and walking out. I stick my hand into the pot getting it covered in honey and I pull it out and begin licking the honey off my hand. I happily walk around the house. Wondering were everyone went off to. I walk out to the pool. Seeing no one around. I shrug and take another scoop of honey into my mouth. I walk out the front door looking around. Noticing everyone's car is here but there's no one in sight. So I lay out in the front lawn. Eating my honey..
Nodded off with the tv still on and his beautiful dark brown curly/messy hair nearly covers his face..
Rhys says woken up from his nap.
Drifts off to bed.
Salutes to Jashin proudly and smiles while he himself simulate cover fire shooting all the bottles near him which was about four as well..
is outside the door asleep as im a pup.
whines as I have a nightmare .
yawns and stretches out.
slowly wakes up.
wags my tail.
gets up and pounced and ready to play.
tackles him and giggles and licks him rapidly .
giggles as I watch.
I come downstairs and sit on a chair by the window. I try to light a cigarette, but my lighter is out of fluid.
Noticed Jashin lighting up a cigarette. He puts his phone back in his pocket and sits next to the window, taking out his cigarette pack.
Lights his cigarette and smiles.
 Rubs my eyes and yawns deeply, waiking up on the dark green sofa still dressed in my T-shirt and blue jeans..
 I grin a little sitting up..
 Chuckle and yawn again. I stretch out and scrach my self below the belt.* Oi, I gotta pee. * I stand to and you hear my knees pop.* Be back in a moment. * I walk off to find the bathroom..
 and i am gone, returning a few minuts later, bladder empty and longblack hair brushed and put up in a pony tail. I take my seat on the sofa again..
 smile and hold out my paw to shake..
The beautiful human expends his hand and grasps the paw respectfully shaking it up and down with a smirk.
 I shake in retuern, smiling my mildly charming smile.* Eh I dont usualy drink at all to be compleatly honist. Like pot better. Ran out yesterday and I had a bit of a flash back in my sleep last night and beer was the only thing I could find to put me out again. * Blushes a little..
Looks over at Tykii having hurt himself he cackles at what just happened.
 I blush a little darker, my ears folding back. .
 That blush gets even darker, as i see your smile all of a sudden becomming tongue tied and not able to speak correctly..
 I blush so hard i turn purple at the words of both Jashin and Rys. My nose even starts to bleed a little bit and i cover my face..
 I take both sofa pullows and press them to my head trying to cover my dark blush..
 Chucks one of my pillows at you. They are filled with goose down so they were a bit heavyer than plane cotton..
 Finally letting the other pillow fall to the. I cant belive i am falling in to this discussion in front of everyone..
 Takes a few deep breaths, Inn slow, Out slow trying to calm my self as i watch the others walk away and up to there room. I look back over at you..
 Is by no means a small person, standing about six foot two with an avrige build. Not overly muscular, and not skinny. I look back up at all the people re-apearing and struggle to keep the blush from my face..
While you were busy trying not to blush at the situation Rhys was already up to your neck giving multiple little smooches, before nipping sensually, and rubbing all along your sides, he'd already be naked besides his Leopard Sash.
I am in the corner masturbating.
I am questioning your reasons for it and feel freaked out.
 I gasp and jump a little  at your sudden move ment, Having not expected you to be quite so eager. After the shock of that wears off I turn myself into you.  I tilt my head back and blush again, my paws comming up to your sides and belly, rubbing on you softly while you kiss and nip my neck..
 You can feel me shivering as you advance on me more. Your body pressed against mine you can feel my heart galloping inside my chest. I let out a moan as you lick and suck on my neck. I gasp yet again when i feel you member against me, my paws move up and my thumbs run over your nipples, as you tower over me. I moan again feeling your paws on my ass. One of my paws move down between your legs grasping your soft shaft. As i felt it you could feel a little fear rolling off me. " God's hes huge!" I thought to my self, stroking you softly as i lean in and return your loving affection by nibbling and sucking on your neck..
 I whimper nd moan a  bit, Locking my lips with yours as you lean in and kiss me. I growl a bit in to it and my rought tongue dances with yours, trying to tie  them selves in knots. My bants grow tight and very uncomfortabul. I take my paws from you nipple and your cock for a moment and struggle with my belt buckle and pants botton. Finally i get it and pull down my zipper. I gasp an relief as my own eight and a half inch member springs free, hitting the slightly cooler air. I throb, a little fluid leaking from my tip as we make out together there on the sofa and my paws return to your nipples for a minut, Pinching and tweaking a bit. I pant, finally pushing you back and breaking the kiss. My eyes are half closed, obviously very drunk on you. I get to my knees and push you back even more. I wrap both paws around your shaft and peel back that fourskill an little, looking up at you as i press my lips against the head of your cock, giving it a little kiss, before i slide my tongue under that fourskin. You mush hits me all at once and i moan..
I just sit there and watch the scene wondering If Rhys would let me power bottom.
I walk downstairs from my bedroom. Rubbing my eyes seeing the action that is unfolding. I yawn and walk and grab my ice coffee from the fridge and began drinking it. Ignoring the sex and I walk out to the pool and I see the hot tub. I walk over to it and turn it on. Giving it a sec to heat up before sliding in. Murring at the warm bubbles on my skin.
 I whimper and moan feeling your exitement and hearing your moan of plesure as my tongue hits the head of your cock. I pel that forskin all the way back and thrust my muzzle down as far as i can on that beautiful throbbing shaft. I murr and purr lapping up your pre-cum eagerly and begin bobbing my head quickly. My paw tug on your balls as the other reaches between your legs. You feel my finger push up against your tail hole, Even theough you have no tail. I slowly push the diget inside you as i suck and slurp..
I look at Svel already horny from the action I look at him with lustful eyes* You need some help down there Svel? *As my shaft pokes out of its sheath.
 I did gag. I gaged hard, Pushing my nose in to your pubic aria again and again. I rubbed and poked at oyur prostate for a few more menuts as you muzzle fuck me. I pant and whimper gagging and moaning. I paw my self quickly and suddenly pull off your cock gasping for air. I stand up kicking my pants away, whimpering and moaning as i get on all fours on the couch. My rear end tward you I lift my tail. Making like the little slut i wanted to be i wiggle my ass and beg you in a whimpering tone..
After basically sloppily soaking that hefty, bulky, and swollen cock that bounces with excitement, it was short lived as he felt him move away and his anus starts winking constantly. Now he immediately positions himself in a dominant doggystyle fashion not before swatting that ass mercilessly and eventually stopping before he pushes past your slutty entrance feeling welcomed as you relax and open up to him, he doesn't wait to growl and huff as he starts jackhammering your prostate and slaps his balls against your own while feeling fire off shot after shot of pre-cum as I felt myself near orgasm..
As I see Svel's tailhole I start panting and my cock reaches painful levels of arousal I go behind Svel alining my cock with his ass I enter him and begin thrusting hard and fast already hitting his prostate hard as I thrust in and out relentlessly.
 I moan and all but scream out as i feel that huge fucking cock push inside me almost all at once. It hurt, But sespite the pain i pushed back in to you as you plung deep inside me. I growl and cry out over and over as you pound your self inside my slutty hole. * Fuuck Yes !!! Ahhh Ahhh Fuuuck Meee More!  * I roll my hips loving the feeling of you filling me all the way over and over as you clame me. .
I walk in watching the action unfold. Smiling as I sip my honey coffee.
I playfully bite Svel's ears and neck still keeping the fast pace Svel not knowing that I'm actually anthro right now.
 I cry out and buckle  shooting my hot sticky roaps of lion cum on to the sofa the moment you pull on my hair. I gush and keep going as you pound my prostate in to compleat submition. I sweat and pant, my eyes rolling in to the back of my head ass you drill your self in to me. I gasp and curse again as i feel your jet od seed pouring in to me and filling me. My belly bulges with your seed as you fuck your mess deep inside my writhing body. I groan and moan panting like a over used stear. .
Eventually stops having his way with you after satisfying us both and feeling his crotch soaked in his seed, he pulls out with a cute audible pop, as the cum oozes and drains all onto the sofa, before he lies on his back and pants heavily feeling a bit lightheaded and all..
 I pant hard and moan loudly feeling your cock being pulled free of me. I shiver and colaps on to the sofa. I whimper. * OOOh gods! * Pant pant Pant. Damn close to passing out i lay there, my ass and groin covered in that hot sticky mess. My tail hole gaping wide and flexing after your brutal fucking..
 I shift a little and turn my head to look at you. My eyes have a question in them as i hay there trying to recover..
 I gather enough strength to move my head over to your lap. I Murr and moan softly, licking and purring while i clean you up with my tongue..
 I purr and smile, lounging there in your lap, cleaning you and playing with your dick. After you ar all clean i do not even stop, Suckling and bobbing my head on you again, Enjoying my self and enjoing the plesure i give you.* You can bend me over and fuck me any time you like and ill beg for it. * I giggle a little..
I begin to shoot precum into Svel's ass speeding up as I do so I reach for his cock and stroke it fast.
I cum hard and deep into him filling his ass with thick creamy bear cum I stroke him until he cums.
 Feeling you getting hard again, I grin and start blowing you again in ernist. I love your cock and i show it. sucking, and giggling my self again. I giggle relaxed and content..
Starts bucking his hips to plunge deeper in your gillet, filling your maw with more than a mouthful as he rewards you with what felt like endless amounts of pre-ooze twitching wildly from the overwhelming sensation mixed with the blissful afterglow.
 I moan and bob faster as your cock leaks my reward. I lap moast of it down, drinking you. the rest i let flow out on to my cheeks and face, letting you mark me. I giggle drunkenly. I suck eagely now, stuffing your shaft down my throat..
Howls a bit and sharply gasp feeling himself so close but do to the way you go about it you edge him making him swell and thicken more and more it was aching to him. When you stuffed him inside you he growls and places both his hands on the back of your head and keeps up there, while he starts unloading another gallon of warm, gooey, messy, thick spunk sending it straight into your gut as he might up just bloated you from this..
 I gag and choke for a moment, your cumm shooting out my nose. I drink down as much of you as i can, sliding off of your lap and down inbetween your legs, letting your cum soak me and wash over me.* OOOh yes * I giggle ..
 I purr and curl up in the puddle of cum at your feet..
 I giggle and purr..
I pull out of Svel and join Rhys.
I say in a sarcastic tone smirking.
 I walk off to go get my shower and tend to my wounded backside..
I laugh a little.
Kisses you quickly before pulling away and casually poses like a french girl..
I blush a little.
I look at Rhys body.
I blush more looking nervous to ask.
I aline my ass with his cock and lower myself onto his cock letting myself enjoy the feeling before riding him.
I moan in pleasure as Rhys hits my prostate shooting out precum in all directions as my bear cock flops in tandum with my bounces.
Reachs behind and clutched into that furry ass of yours while we abuse that poor prostate of yours, he starts slowing down a bit so that you could control the pace while he huffs and grunts bulging and twitching his human dong inside you..
The twiching makes me go faster making the pleasure feel more intense I moan and huff rapidly.
I couldn't help but howl and groan loudly bucking my hips upward as well wildly driving into your prostate as I do just that blasting and flooding your rectum with a nice batch of slimy, liquidy, chunky, and virile gallon of seed..
I feel Rhys filling me with his seed I cum hard shooting it on my torso and face .
I turn around and begin kissing Rhys my cum still on my face.
Kisses you back all hotly and messy not even caring about the drool or other things..
I pull out of the kiss.
Licks your neck lovingly.
I walk in throwing my suitcase to the side and stretching out as I yawn. I sniff the air as I begin looking for honey I'm the kitchen. Still wearing my business suit.
Was just nodding off on the sofa having came so many times and just wanted to rest a bit, letting everything settle and sort itself out..
Stirs groggily at bit confused his wavy/messy dark Brown hair covering both his green eyes for a bit, before he notices a glass cup of cold water, he looks around how the fuck did it happen? Ah who cares he thought as he easily drinks and quenches his thirst having felt a bit woken up now..
I am in the corner sucking my own dick.
I go behind Rhys.
After saying that slowly turning around he just lightly pushes Griz onto the sofa sitting down as he straddles him and starts wiggling your tip over his ursine dick before just slamming it right in making his a bit sore but the pain wasn't all that bad..
I walked in as I have the honey pot in my hand eating honey. I happily skip myself out to the pool to lay in a lounge chair.
I thrust my hips in reapose to Rhy's tight ass.
Growls and digs his nails into your fur as he slams and bucks wildly against you making your hips flap and bounce from the earthquake motions of him relaxing and opening up to your size while his fully erect humans cock sprays multiple shots of pre-cum..
I lightly bite your neck moaning loudly while I bite our balls slapping against each other further increasing the pleasure.
Huffs and moans loudly however this only entices him to ram back against you with such rough and harsh rams, while he leans over and bites into your neck as well... Holding back from cumming just yet as he pools and oozes out beads of pre-ooze.
I begin to cum moaning louder as I fill Rhys ass with my bear seed I keep going until he cums.
After you fill his ass up to the brim and keep fucking him he tights his grip right at the tip as it pulses madly and convulsed spastically as it built back, he pulls himself off of griz and aimed at his ass as he starts firing two gallons of chunky, slippery, sticky, messy, and hot spunk on his ursine ass, dick, and face some how..
I catch some in my mouth tasting his delicious cum i fall into him again kissing him still having cum in my mouth.
Presses his chest into your own head tilted as he hotly snowballs the burr bear of his own seed, which he swallows but still kisses and makes out with him..
I wrestle his tongue into submission as I kiss him passionatly pulling Rhys closer to me.
thinks he did but no Rhys just comes back strong not back down from the kiss proving he's not gonna submit even to someone larger than he was, asserting his own dominance with the kiss..
I pull out of the kiss I look straight into Rhys' eyes loving every second.
slobber all over his face pretty much locking eye contact with him back, which he begins licking underneath his chin and smooches it tenderly..
A note is left on the table that says not to try to find me but I would be back in 00:00CDT to 00:30CDT.
I walk back in wearing winter gear I take all of it off and sit down on the couch serveying the situation.
I look at Jashin suprised.
I look at the tenticles.
Marks off another day of avoiding the breeding..
Squeaks and makes his way to bed..
I walk downstairs. Yawning as I stretch up to the ceiling. I scratch my tummy as I tiredly look at the commotion going on.
I walk in the room I go to the kitchen and get a salmon and some spices I begin to season the fish so I can cook it.
I cook my salmon and begin eating the smell of cooked fish, lemon, and a wide range of herbs and spices fill the kitchen and a little bit in the living room.
I grunt out greeting her as I return the favor nuzzling her snout in a affectionate manner.
I look over at Booker seeing grunting out "you want some?" Then look at Blaze seeing what he will do.
I put half of it on the floor seeing I already ate the other half.
I smile seeing booker enjoying the salmon I start grunting happily.
I smile as I know I made booker happy I walk over to Blaze and put my muzzle down at his level.
I lay down and enjoy the petting.
I lay down just letting blaze pet me more.
I look up at Jashin and grunt he wouldnt understand what I said.
I find the word Garm familiar but cant remember who it is.
I jump up to jashin licking his face remembering hes one if masters friends.
I get off of Jashin and do the same thing to master.
I keep licking my masters face not able see him in what felt like years.
I run over to get it I put it in my maw and bring it back missing the feeling of inpressing master.
I get the ball and return it looking hungry and thirsty.
I drink as much water as I can.
pats back lightly.
 lays down next to kaze.
smiles and sits down next to Austin and gently strokes hair.
 blushes and purrs softly .
smiles and puts arms around Austin holding close.
 snuggles and nuzzles .
crawls in bed and cuddles.
 snuggles and purrs softly .
smiles and strokes back.
chirps and my five tails wrap around yours.
 smiles and snuggles .
chuckles and very lightly kisses forehead.
I walk in looking at shard in the most non threatening way possible.
I look at him and smile.
I let shard do so my wet nose gently sniffs his paw.
I keep smiling slowly laying down.
I walk in back from a security operation I have my reconstructed MG42 in hand.
Has Vietnam flash backs of arguing between people arguing about stuff that's not real..
walk in the bar with boxes of drinks while humming to himself and not see everyone just wander past everyone to back room.
mumbles hyena.
hangs a sign that says. 'African wild Hyena dog here. Feed with meat.' On hindais bedroom door. Giggling at the prank and I scurry off.
Squeaks in return.
Kissing intensifies..
dooks in the distance..
 Comes down stairs, looking tired. I look around and walk in to the kitchen to grab a drink..
 Squints at you.* If you are Shard, Why do you smell like Dax? * Peers at you the whole time as i get the OJ out of the refrigorator and take a drink right out of the carton, Spilling quit a bit on my white shirt as i do so..
 Yawns deeply and finishes of the OJ and tosses the carton in the trash, considdering its bad manners to make somebody drink after you..
 Nods and smiles a bit.* Good for you.  * shuts the refrigorator..
 Shrugs.* No not really. *Walks in to the livingroom and plops down on the sofa. and flips on the telavision..
 Moves my legs for you, Flipping through the channels on the T.V..
 Frowns and looks at you..
 Tosses th remote down on the coffee table..
 Sighs and gets up, going to the bar. I get behind it and start mixing my self a drink..
 Walks back over and sits on the couch again, Flipping on the T.V Once more.* Aye you did. * Flipps through the channels again to find something to watch while i drink..
 I find a movie I like and sit and watch it while you go off to your room. A  while later my drink is finished and i am passed out sitting up on the sofa, my head leaning back and my mouts open. I snore loudly..
 i jolt awak, not sure what was said. I yawn and rub my eyes..
 Does not recognise you and nods off again..
 Shocked awak and Is kinda ticked off now.. * Hay man! Dont go flinging that stuff around like that! Why did you  freeze my feet?! * I stand up clomping around, breaking up the ice on my now cold cold feet. I rub my feet trying to waqrm them again. Not working i hobble off to the bathroom..
I walk in padding my way over to the   kitchen to get food I eat my good share of food and see what is going on with everyone.
 Loud grumbling and cursing comes from the bathroom..
I enter the bathroom to investigate.
 I am sitting on the toilet with my feet in a tub of very worm water, arms folded across my chest. I look up with a start as some one enters the bathroom without knocking....
The feral bear tilts his head obviously confused on why he was cursing.
 Grumps a little more..
I walk over to him and nuzzle Remo letting my soft fur help him relax.
 Was not expecting the affection and jumped a little at the contact. I eventually relax a little..
 I snuggle back in to you a bit..
I lick his face to calm him down while still keeping my soft fur on him.
 I blush and actually crack a smile when you lick my face..
I see that Remo is happy now so I get off of him  and walk back to the living room.
 Pouts as i am left alone, a smile still on my face. I pull my now warm feet out of the tub and dry them off..
Feral Griz walks up to Blaze feeling happy to see the pup.
I relax then roll on my back to expose my belly.
I put a big goofy smile as Blaze pets me I grunt and growl happily while he does it.
Still grunting like I'm trying to communicate in feral form.
Griz's grunts pretty much ask for his master so he can play.
I run and get my ball I hold it in my maw waiting for Blaze.
cough* rpg it *cough.
gives everyone a special touch.
Dooks and blushes, carrying on then..
Everyone hears rapid gunshots and someone laughing manically.
hearing people screaming gives the realisation that the shooter is not aiming at the house the identity if the shooter is revealed when he talks its me.
I walk inside covered in blood my old Thompson SMG's barrel smoking my pupils dilated.
I walk into the room and sit on the couch I'm not wearing any clothes as I was too lazy to wear any.
i am brusheing teh cum out of my fur.
I walk in my steps making thumps on the floor I walk up to Jashin and sit on the floor in front of him.
I smile at him letting him scratch me i look at my neck for some reason.
I start looking around the room for something I eventually walk back to Jashin with a collar.
I jump up and down in exitement.
I run up to Leo tackling him I lick his face happily.
I run up to Jashin exited seeing the leash I jump and run around in exitement making happy huffs and grunts.
I walk over to Svel my leash dragging on the floor I sit in front of him and grunt happily.
I grunt happily at Svel then walk over to Jashin and Leo.
I sniff Leo for a moment out of curiousity I then try to run outside.
I jump up and down in exitment finding a ball outside I put it in my maw I keep jumping making muffled grunts and huffs.
I run to a tree doing my business then run over to Leo with my ball in my maw.
I run to the lake and play in the water.
I walk over to Leo.
hugs back and squeaks..
shyly peaks out his head.
rolls around in a cardboard box.
emerges slowly, taking a seat on a barstool.
approaches Leo carefully, looking curious, smiling a little.
I walk into the room, glancing around at the rest of the people here before making my way over to an empty table to have a seat. The room isn't quite, but isn't buzzing with attention either. The atmosphere seems laxed and just right. I pull out my chair and sit down and continue looking about.
blows back a bit of his hair, so he can see properly* Oh, thanks. I don't come here very often, actually... Pleased to meet you too *stretches forth a hand.
looking around the bar and surrounding areas, a curious and at the same time shy look on his muzzle.
leaves by the back door.
I snap out of a daydream and shake it off, standing to walk over to the bar spotting the bartender talking with someone. I stand next to the otter, looking over with a smile..
I thank the wolf as i take the beer from him, taking a nice sized gulp before placing it back down to the counter. My tounge swipes the foam from my lips..
i say glancing around again.
I start to sip my beer again, before letting out a burp.
I look back towards him with a smirk.
My eyes veer down to his hand, and then immediately back up, i start to choke and cough a bit as i force the beer in my mouth down my throat, my cheeks turn a reddish color. .
I say bending my back a bit, feeling no pain..
I glance over to the pup.
i say taking the drink and giving him a gentle smile.
I chuckle and down the rest of my first beer.
I say touching it gently.
I sigh and start to down my second beer quickly, wiping my lips on my arm. .
I say pulling the golden chain out from under my shirt. A purple crystal falls to my chest..
walks into the establishment as the ferret leaving holding the door open for him as he left i step inside.
i say as the door closes behind me looking around at all the different characters around and about.
sits down at a table removing my helmet placing it on the table i showing my face - im a red panda species except with blue fur instead of the red i have a distinguishing mark on my left side of my neck wich is a silver Z wich looks like it was branded to my thin coat of fur but its colored.
looks at Jashin with a very puzzled look as i stand up from where i was sitting.
rubs the back of my head trying to figure out the whole scene as everything is happening too fast.
picks up my helmet and sits at the bar replacing it on the counter ordering some honey mead casually drinking it ignoring the fact that an open flame is inside the establishment.
finishing my mug of mead as i order a refill instead with ginger honeymead and casually drinks from the mug.
And then the chat died.
finishes my mug as i laydown a couple of coppers and a silver coins on the bar counter.
Heads into the bar from the back room readjusting my toolbelt .
sits down at a table and pulls out a small book after lifting up a flap on my flack jacket.
crosses my legs and flips to a marked page and removes the marker and puts the small piece of paper on the facemask slider of my helmet.
casually turns the page.
the table in front of me collapses as i lightly tap it with my boot.
turns the page again.
turns the page again.
a piece of the smodering roof lands on my sholder as i calmly wipe it off.
I casually push open the door to the bar, my eyes grow wide as i see the place is nearly in ruins. I walk in and observe the damage around me..
I chuckle a bit before strolling over to where he was standing. Giving a polite nod to his son, i take a seat at the bar. .
I say pouring out an old beer that was left on the table onto the floor.
I press my foot down, twisting it to put out the still kit ember..
yawns a bit as i turn the page again tapping my metalic boot on the floor making a clank to wake everyone up.
takes the marker off my helmet and leaves it in the book as i put the book back into my flack jacket and i stand up and head into the backrooms to pass out for a couple of hours.
im jerking of really hard, my boner is huge.
cums fucking EVERYWHERE.jizz is all over the room...
steps out from the back room of the pub as im stepping out im readjusting my flackjacket then i look around the pub.
gropes your side.
yips and flails about after having very ticklish sides and falling down. Spasming uncontrollably.
sits down at the bar and orders a mug of honeymead .
deletes Ralk's message.
orders another mug of mead and holds onto it along with my shortdirk so nobody can ruin good mead.
causiously takes off my helmet and places it on the bartop taking a sip of my mead afterwards.
thirstily eyes the knight of nine sipping on his beverage while waving.
slurps from a mug of mead but it's not mead its actually cum and gulps loudly.
nods slightly at Ralk.
gives a flick of her lips while sweatng viciously, keeping eyes on the delicous honey mix.
wipes the sweat off.
taps the bar table and another mug of honeymead is places on the counter.
sitting at the bar finishing my mug of mead i set it down on the counter leaving 5 septems and a copper as i slide back on my helmet.
has slain the chat again.
gets the souls from killing the chat.
kneels before in a glorifying praise.
gets up from her knees with a dead smile, staring blankly into the ceiling.
is reading my book at the bar that i pulled out from my flackjacket with the marker on my helmet's crevis of the facemask slider.
casually turns the page.
sets the book down on the counter and heads into the back room i've housed myself into and come back with a half empty bottle of burgandy.
sits back at the bar placing the bottle on the counter.
i chukle lightly as i reopen my book that was sitting on the counter and remarks the page with the marker id taken off my helmet after that i put the book back into my flack jacket and then goes into my back pouches and gets another small book and a one stoke fountain pen.
i open the small book to a half written page as i go over to the other page and start to write.
 gets up and heads over to the newly replaced table and sits in the chair attuned to it.
Continues writing in the small book.
i close the book and put the pen and the book back im my back pouch as i return to the bar.
gags at the word deer* viking bloody mary never do it *shudders a bit.
yawns and heads into the back room i've inhabbited.
two clunks are heard from the back room.
dies from punch.
does an rko and kills him.
nuzzles you back and notices your bulge....
I quietly walk into the room, a sigh of relief escapes my chest as the comfort of a familiar place allows me to be at peace. I smile to myself as i walk across the room to sit at the bar.
I kick open the back door.
I smirk at Jashin, enjoying his entrance.
I say, spinning my bar stool around to look towards Leo.
I grin and take a bottle from both Leo and Jashin, quickly pulling the tops off with my teeth, i bring a bottle back to my lips to begin drinking, taking a few gulps before switching to the other to begin chugging again.
I take a swig from my bottle again and smile at Jashin.
I watch grinning as leo spins around the pole, i take another swig of whiskey and enjoy the show.
I look back towards him, noticing his shorts now lit a blaze... .
I down the rest of my bottle of whiskey, putting in on the floor as i look up at the ceiling, coming to the realization that I'm already pretty damn drunk. I take a small sip of my other bottle. .
I mumble to no one in particular.
I say grinning.
I say laughing a bit.
I chuckle at the foxes comment, taking another sip from my bottle.
I say drukenly, slurring a bit.
walks into the bar dressed in a black hoodie dark jeans cyan kicks and a black beanie, goes over and sits at the bar.
notices whats going on and gets up and heads outside.
 Walks in and flops down on the dark green sofa. I am wearing blue jeans and a black T-shirt. I stretch out aand yawn..
 Giggles at the the convorsation..
 I lay there on the sof nd watch the action unfolding. I blush a little my self..
lays down outside in the  grass a block away from the bar.
 I blush a little more and giggle..
gradually passes out on the lawn.
I say grinning and rolling my eyes..
 Pokes my tongue out at you..
 I laugh a bit, and strip out o my own clothes, just for the hell of it..
 I purr loudly, watching and stroking my self idly..
 Admittly, also very curious, i watch the both of you openly, my own member growing stiff..
sound asleep in the lawn a block away from the pub waiting for the yiffing to end in the bar.
 Ventures to get a little closer to the two playing at the bar, So, Naked and hard i move up to the bar as well, sitting a couple of stools down. I paw my self slowly as i watch, trying not to be intrusive in to the play time..
 I blush deeply as Fire moves down between the others legs for a moment nd back up again. I purr loudly and pre drolls on to the floor as i paw my self a little faster. My cock throbs in my paw as i enjoy the show..
 I smile and contenue to be  pervert..
grins pulsing with magic.* lets see how you handle this power... *chuckles turning magic off..
 I smile and come over at your beckoning. I hop over on to the bar moving around to the front of you. On my knees on the bar infront of you my eight and a half inch cock drools and throbbs in front of you.* Is this where you would have me? * I smile down at you..
 I moan softly feeling thoes warm lips around my shaft. I put my paw on the back of your head and push my hips forward a little as you engulf my whole member all at once. I purr and groan rocking my hips back and fourth in and out of your muzzle as Fire takes your other end. You feel my warm pre leak out on to your eager tongue..
 I hrunt a bit and shiver as i feel The wolfcoons teeth brush the sensitive flesh of my cock. It did not hurt at all and onlt made me grind my self down your throat for a few moments, my paws pressing down on the back of your head as i shiver and moan. I start moving my hips a little faster out of reflex, but i slow down for a moment trying to keep pace with Fire. There was less of me to work with so naturally i could move a bit faster than the much larger avian without breaking our playmate..
 I huff and pant, sweting a little as i speeed up even faster, Trying not to hit you in the face to hard with my hips as i drive my self down your throat. I grunt, my own cock twitching and my balls drawing up cloce to my body now and i do my best to slow down a bit again. I m getting  little carried away with my lust and my fingers weve them selves in to your hair, taking fist fulls of it as i hunch over you ..
 Suddenly had the worst case of blue balls ever....
 Suddenly has a nylon string gutar in my paws. my dripping erection holding it up as i play a western dualist riff. Al while looking in to Fire's eyes..
heads back inside seeing the confusion and shrugs sitting at a clean bar seet.
Cuckles slightly as i look around to see if anyone mind as i grab a bottle of honeymead .
 Chuckles and gets off the bar to take me and my erection elsewhere..
Pops the adverage size bottle's cork and sets the cork top on the table and takes a swig of the drink.
chuckles a bit.
 A Loud roar come from the bathroom, and a few moments later i come walking out of the bathroom looking releaved..
takes another swig from the bottle looking towards the bathroom and shrugs slightly.
 Shruds and sits down on the sofa slipping my pants back on..
Callie walks into the bar wearing a short red cocktail dress matte in colour so no light bounces off of it, she makes her way over to the counter pulling out a stool for herself all while having a look at the patrons inside, it was a while since she was last here.
 Finishes getting dressed and lays back down on the sofa. I yawn deeply putting my arms behind my head and cloing my eyes..
Looking around to see all the new persons.
takes another swig of the honeymead i had swiped from the bar awhile ago.
The young canine comes out of the shadows of the stairs and watched the strangers in the bar.
 Whispers and giggles in your ear..
 Snuggles in to the sofa, falling asleep my self..
takes another swig of the mead and looks at callie.
she looks over and gives another nod* "sure, i used to be a bartender here but I got fired because they said putting cyanide in drinks is not healthy all I wanted to do was to add some flavour" *she shrugs talking about her failed past and idle hands smoothing out the invisible wrinkles of her dress.
gives a nervous chuckle and taps the bar twice for the tendor.
gesturing to Callie with the gentle smile.
she gives the bartender a soft wave of her paw* "hmm I would like you to make me whatever you feel is best, please"*her face lit with a small smile as she is very excited to see what drink will arrive .
she says adding in a wink to emphasise her point, while waiting her ears quickly flicker a different color to show a rush of another emotion but fades to fast for anyone to see what it is.
takes another swig of my mead finishing it as i set the bottle down streatching out a bit in my seat.
she eyes the drink a little bit wondering if a mistake was made but with a little shrug she picks up the green drink and takes a sip ,her face scrunches up as she takes her first sip but swallowing fast before turning to the bartender" well it is different i will tell you that for starters, taste is not bad i like it, after saying this the fennecs ear pattern starts to turn the same color as the drink.
she chuckles at her own statement before bringing the drink to her lips for another sip, this time she does not make a funny face or anything just a small sip and smile.
looks around and sees im the only one at the bar again.
facedesks on the bar counter shaking everything attuned to it.
still at the bar partially asleep but awake and hungry.
I yawn walk down stairs completely new to the neighborhood. Make some food and walks to the park in this town..
walks to the nearest bench to him and waits for someone to talk to..
sees a bird and wolf talking to each other. Watches them close..
Pulls out my phone and starts texting people.
stares at and grabs his own hand shaking.* make a good first impression... *stands up and walks towards Drake, Fire, and Zero..
freezes up and stares at you. Looks away at sky avoid  nerves, finally saying..
sits up from the table im laying on.
Overwhelmed a bit staring to see who should I shack first....
starts shaking everyone's hand at once with telepathic grab..
my hand got shaken at of random.
stares and smiles at..
chuckles slightly to myself.
blushes and freezes up..
bead of sweat comes down.* oh my... *breathes deep in and out..
purrs and nuzzles the creature..
goes up and nuzzle Zero..
i say sarcastically.
smiles friendly at..
ears go back..
perks up.* trust me I know what is like to be ignored... *pokes side and looks at bear and nuzzles again..
turns to zero and fire nuzzles..
sees me in corner eating..
mouth full of cake..
eats more wanting to be talked to..
gets up from the bar and goes over and flops on the couch.
stands up with cake and hands you some..
eye ridge raises* what do you want? *nuzzles and hugs..
gradually passes out on the couch.
blushes deep and licks you.* only if your willing to be female. *conjures up magic eyes glowing..
stares at purring.
looks at wanting have join..
purs and licks her neck and squishes her butt..
purrs and nuzzles you..
blushing and purrs in delight  putting my 2 fingers into your slit to tease you..
purrs nipples on your neck and move to around.* your butt needs treatment... *squishes your cheeks harder..
choosing your slit and thrusting my dragon cock into your walls..
purring and squirting my load into you filling you greatly..
giggles* I have more then one load pal... *thrusts in rhythm with fire..
huffs and thrusts into Cody to making my semen resist your seed to fill her up and starts squirting into her more..
sticks tongue out.* duh telepathic the signs dude... *chuckles..
nods filling you greatly and more swell..
pulls out and thrusts into your tail hole..
nuzzles you give soft humps..
i rub her womb and continues thrusting fill her hole..
purrs in lust.* guess your mine still. *puts muzzle to your tit and sucks at..
lightly snoring in my sleep on the couch in the pub.
still snoring slightly on the couch oblivios to everything around me.
goes through the woods sniffing around and looking about the place. Jessy was looking for a good spot to make her new den, she watched birds flutter about while she looked for a cave or very big deep hole under a tree.
wakes up sweating and panting from the ammount of heat gathered into the one little pub then i get up and quickly head outside.
heads over down a block to an open field using a magic talent i so rarely use i makes a small dome of ice enough for me and alot of rolling room there is room for another if they where the same size as me. i lay down in the dome and puts in my headphones turning on music to drown out any loud noises but could feel anything that happens to said dome.
I walk downstairs. Seeing the fun of drake and svel giggling and blushing a tad bit. I walk away to the pool to cool off. Jumping in only wearing boxers.
I walk downstairs. Yawning out as I stretch out. I smile and scratch my belly. I walk to my closet looking for something to wear.
Rhys happened to be downstairs taking a nap despite the background noise going on and what not. Rhys seems to be quite the hypersomniac it'd take someone to go over to call him to wake him up.
eats the hay.
Realizes im a panda and i dont eat hay.
Wakes up in my dome of ice coverd as my clothes are covered in thin shards of ice as the ground turned from a green to white where the ice dome had form. I check the time on my phone and stands up as i stand up the small dome shatters raining what appears to be snow for a short area. I head down to the bar wich was about a block away stepping inside and sits down at the bar.
i yawn a bit scratching the back of my ice covered head.
I decide to get out of my house and head over to the bar. This is my third night in a row... .
i say to myself as i walk towards the entrance, noticing a character hanging around outside the bar. I contemplate whether i should pretend i didn't notice him and continue on my way, but decide to be friendly and stop for a smoke break. I pull out a pack of hand rolled cigars and pull one out to place between my lips. I flip my zippo out and start to light the end, walking towards the current stranger. I blow a few puffs out of my mouth to make sure it's fully lit, before inhaling deeply. I pull the blunt away from my face as i exhale a rather large cloud of smoke. I make eye contact with the man named blaze and we stand there silently for a few moments. .
i ask politely.
i take a few more puffs, enjoying the silence outside, before tossing my gar away and walking into the bar. The familiar sounds warm me as i head to the bar with a smile.
I reply to leo as i take a seat at an empty table..
i say taking another sip of my drink.
 Skips down the stairs, in a rather good mood this morning. Dressed in only red plad sleep pants i make my way in to the kitchen aria and ofen up the ice box to find an ice crem tub with my name written on the side. I graba spoon out of the drawr and hum as i hop and dance my way over to the green sofa in front of the telivision. I pick up the remote and flip on to the Si Fy channel. One of my favorit shows was comming on in a few minuts..
grabs and munches  on some popcorn~.
sticks paw in popcorn.
Puts a nice big shark hat right on Booker..
Griz walks inside the room naked but their is something very wrong with him since everyone last saw him.
At closer inspection I've got scares on my face and chest I'm taller, more muscular, I have more fur and my teeth are sharper I dont respond my drowsy mind ready to pass out.
I fall into a very deep sleep felling relaxation: something I havent experienced lately.
i step into the bar and flop into the couch avoiding those in my path so i dont desturb them.
Yawns from the couch as i lay down on it.
gradually passes out on the couch  from the long day oblivious to everything around me.
Continues to stare..
Horribly awkward winking..
the young canine bounds down stairs to the bar and looks around quietly.
the old Akita strolls in to room and the flops on a bar stool and orders him self a jack and coke.
he wiggles alittle after drinking down his drink.
he nods abit and points at his glass.
yawns abit and slumps over the bar grabbing a bottle of rum instead and poors it into his glass.
peeks into the room as I look around, seeing the couch, giggling softly I move to sit on the couch wiggling to make my self comfy .
chuckles abit.
chuckles abit watching fax remove the ice.
wakes up from the couch streatching out on it.
grabs the cup of coffie taking a sip.
 I walk in to the living aria and strip of my uniform shirt and belt, Looking tired after a long day at work. I drape my swet stiand shirt over the back of the couch and i flop down on to it, face first. I grown a bit rolling over, dressed now in a pair of navy blue slacks and an a black undershirt. I roll over and flip the T.V on. Its a cop show and my eyes glaze over as i watch..
chilling on the same couch keeping my hot coffie from spilling cause of the other patron's flopping.
I some how had missed the other person on the sofa befor i had flopped down, and i jumped with a start when my tired eyes fell upon the other.* Oh, I am sorry. I do not know why i did not see you sitting there.* Eventualy gets hungry and gets up again, the first cop show over only a few minuts after i had turned on the telivision. I brush my cole black hair back out of my face and rub he blood red fur of my face for a moment before i walk in to the kitchen, looking around for food that was otherwise not labled for someone elses consomtion..
 I come out of the kitchen, Seeing Tykii and Dax. I wave at them both and smile a little. I have a plate with a sandwich, and a glass with Iced tea in both hands. I return to the sofa and set my glass and pate down and take hold of my sandwich and take a bite of it,..
 I see the sword and stand. There is a plesant smile on my face that was not there before. I lift my paws in supplacation and surrender..
 I let out a breath as the sword is returned to its propper place. I lower my own hands and give a slight nod. I return to the coutch and my food. I take anothe bite of the sandwich and soon enough it was gone all together. I do my best to relax, but the whole sword thing had gotten my blood up again. I take a drink of my ice tea and try to focus my mind on other mor personal things for the time being..
 Bored with the T. V and wanting something a little stronger than tea now. I se you sitting at the bar and figure you might make for good company. I smile a bit making my way over to where you were. I plant my self in a stool next to you. .
 I blanched at your grumpy tone, but the smile returned to my face after you corrected your self. The only thing out of the ordanery on my body was the blood red shade of my fur.* Did I come by at the wrong time? * I chuckle softly and reach under the counter for something to dring but my paws close around nothing..
 I reach over and shake the hand you hadent offerd. I kind of poked my tongue out at you as i did it in a bit of a goofy smile..
 I do indeed look very tired my self. The dark circles under my eyes starting to look more like the holes in a skull than eyes in my face. Still I smile plesantly at you. You would even catch me admiring your large wings. I resist the urge to pull out the pack of smokes from my pocket..
 I smerk and crook an eyebrow at you, alerady sitting down in the stool.* You would have me sit in your lap Epao? * I look at the drinks and my face falls just a little bit.* Maybe i better just have a soda or something. Ive been drinking a bit to much lately. * A Flush comes to my face, and perhaps a slight look of shame came to my face, My ears folding back a bit..
 I gave a little snicker and laugh, the question ment to get a little rise out of you.* Easy mate, I am just foolin. * Walk behing the bar and grab a couple of sodas and bring them back to the table.* Handsom as you are. And yes i am an adult, your right, But being an adult comes with responcibility for my self and my actions. And I am not prone to magic powers I can not heal my self or fassion my self a new liver when ever I desire one. Considdering i do not weigh a thousand pounds yet ill settle for a soda. * I sit my self down..
 i smiled and my own can hissed as I popped the tab.* As much as it annoys me some times i still find it interesting, and from time to time, it does help with my trade if I know which one of thes guys or gals to ask. Being a cop is hard work, especially when I dont have any leads of my own to follow. * I give you a bit of a wink and take a drink of my soda..
 I say pulling a rather large disk out of my poket. It was round and brass with a hole in the middle. There were deep engrivings of lions and bears and even a few bats. It was indeed beautiful. I let it klink on to the table..
 I take a deep breath and another drink of my soda..
 Points at the word " Cairful" .
 I stuff the amulit back in my pocket for safe kepping..
 I offer a smile as you get up and go..
a new feature has been added to me: small horns usually belonging to a bison petruding from the sides of my head.
I wake up looking around the room but still lying down.
I look at him indifferently I stare at drake he seemed familiar for a second I shrug it off then huff a little and walk away.
I look back at drake looking at him funny after he said that I think back to something that happened in the past week and remembers his master is dead how dare this person desicrate his masters name.
I stare blankly at the collar and ball then shake my head I walk around trying to remember this is not like the lab.
He just stares blankly like in a trance then shakes his head he starts trying to figure out who he is maybe he was a researcher or the doctor that took him away from battle to make him stronger, faster, and grow these horns then he made him sleep when he said words thats what scared him the most.
He still stares blankly while he looks like some sort of mental condotioning is preventing him from remembering.
I stare blankly at him standing at attention.
I start to remember i remember someone his face is very blurry he was an authority figure.
His face clears up its his old master before he got the news he died abd was replaced with a LMB officer who also died.
I smile in trance.
I still am in trance just soaking up his words.
I arrive at the bar in this.
He wakes up seeing Drake tackles him and starts licking his face grunting happily.
I run over to booker already familiar with her I nuzzle her and we touch snouts feeling happy.
I run out jumping up and down but stand still remembering he is withput his collar hes been bad.
I stretch out my large, built arms towards the sky, one paw grabbing my opposite arm's wrist pulling on my upper body as i let out a massive obnoxious yawn. My smack my mouth closed and begin to rub the sleep out of my eyes. I glance around a bit and try to recall where i was and how i had gotten myself there. Im sitting against one of the walls crafting the path of the alley way. I look towards both ends of the alley as i push up against the wall behind me, rising to my feet. I rub my forehead, my brain sending out massive pulses of energy the moment i stand, forcing me to lean back against the wall to steady myself. I hear a car passing from the north entrance of the alley. Once i can thing clearly, i begin to walk towards that direction hoping to figure out what's happen. .
I look at the scene confused at the situation as master tells booker to suck shard off.
I stroll out of the alley, now standing on a busy street corner. The whole area is unfamiliar to me, but i continue trying to find something to job some memories in me. I couldn't recall a whole weeks worth of information. The last thing the tiger remembered was going on a late drive in his car. There was nothing more Gantz enjoyed then seeing slow moving cars streak past his peripherals, his cars engine roaring past the rest of the mediocore vehicles that crowded his race ways. Gantz got a bit excited thinking about driving fast, but he ended his thought process there. He had much bigger things to think about. As he snapped out of his day dream his eyes adjusted on the sign of a bar. Realizing he had nowhere else to go, he decided to take his chance finding information out there. With that I start to walk with a brisk pace towards the entrance of the bar, hoping someone there could help she'd light on his clouded memories.
I pad over to the scene wondering where to join not wanting to disappoint master.
I finally arrive at my destination, taking a few more steps up to the door. The building has no open sign, nor any sign of life but i go ahead and push against the handle and make my way inside..
Im a bit startled by the greeting, but try to stay calm and collective, not wanting people to think i was crazy... .
I ask, the question coming out low and raspy, my throat clearly a bit dry.
I run up to Gantz and sniff him to see if hes friendly.
I say politely before looking over at the character who introduced himself as Shard.
I say noticing the vast amount of characters who had decided to hang around this place.
I get my ball quickly and present it to master.
I start to take a sip of water, before remembering how thirsty i truly was, i continue talking large gulps of water before emptying the glass..
I reply to Drake, but almost getting lost in thought in my own head..
I say giving him a nod as i head over to the bar myself to place my empty glass on the counter. .
I bring the ball back i stare blankly after that.
I sit at the bar and fumble with my paws for a few minutes, rubbing the soles of my palms, enjoying how rough yet smooth they had become. My mind begins to flash images of a car crash in my head. I feel myself flipping through the air, my car rolling at a very fast speed. Did that really happen? I was always an extremely careful driver, i had never even been in a minor fender bender before. I didn't feel like i was hurt or anything like that, but i still couldn't help but think that what i was seeing in my mind had truly occured. .
I keep staring blankly for a minute then stand up still staring.
I glance over at the newest stranger, feeling his vibration lacking negitive intent. I give him a polite smile.
I chuckle to myself a bit before looking back towards my hands.
i smirk and look back towards him..
I say as i state questionably.
I wake up in anthro form I look at you and pin you against the wall i start asking you questions in russian.
I resist as hard as I can but I loosen my grip on drake my eyes half open.
I let go of him but his magic makes me fall into a trance i stare blankly at him my mouth hangs open and i start drooling.
I explain that I helped capture a research facility and they wanted test subjects so they used me I was subjected to mental conditioning, genetic altering, and painful drug testing I was told i had a mission but I dont remember what I was left on the mountain but I fought my way out and found my way back home still effected by everything.
I look like I resist the suggestion for a second.
I finally submit into the command my mouth hangs open I start drooling as I nod its strangly adorable.
I wake up and try to take the ball from drake.
I crawl through the window and run after the ball and break down the door my new bison instincts making great use of my horns.
I run to the ball I return to master looking at him holding my ball drool covering it the longer I wait.
I start getting exited a new game? I jump up in exitement.
I do it trying to impress master he knows what he is doing. Right?.
I start panting and look at him suprised I blush as I see what master is doing to me is this really a game or is it something more? I start worrying a little.
I trust in master as my mind floods with sexual thoughts my cock grpws to a full 15" I thrust my hips out of instinct I start grunting.
I thrust my hips faster I start shooting precum hitting drakes face I grunt happily.
He enjoys all this pleasure feeling his thoughts melt away as his instincts became his only form of reasoning. It doesnt matter if drake was his master all he wanted was to cum in what he thought was his future mate about to be set in stone by the point of no return he humps drakes face harder and with greater speed as he roars in pleasure filling him with his seed its almost too much since hes been so pent up he looks at him feeling his instinct telling him how to act.
My instincts fight the smell triggering my brain begins to question its current position. "I'm the dominate mate. Master wants it.... Im the bigger one. You are the pet you obey master....No No I must.....Please Master" he starts to enjoy the fucking bouncing to match his thrusts he starts grunting and huffing hoping this pleases master.
I started to tighten his ass as he thrusts out to enhance the pleasure and loosens up to let master in easily he moans loader only letting those words drake said enter his head and bore its way in his head.
I drink it quickly then climb to the couch and sleep not to disturb master.
I look over at him and lick his face my tongue wet from the water i grunt happily my stomach growls I try to get up to get food I grunt at booker seeing if she was hungry as well.
I devour it getting blood and scales on me smiling at master i start to jump around playfully for no reason.
I run outside exitedly waiting for my playmate and my master just sitting calmly.
I easily lift the other large bear up and pin her down and start nibbling her ears and licking her face.
i get off of her and start rolling and rubbing myself all over the ground.
I start to grunt and huff still rubbing myself trying to enjoy the feeling of my back being scratched.
he likes it very much quietly thanking her with a grunt.
I question it for a second but smell a faint hint of masters musk which distracts him long enough to pin booker down.
i get off of her panting already desperate for sex under masters orders.
I mount her female parts I start to animalistically fuck her filling her completly and then some.
Feeling this i grunt louder getting closer to the point of no return.
that puts me over the edge I cum with great force filling bookers vagina full of my hybrid cum some shot onto my stomach.
I pant as I pull out and lick her face.
My eyes are half closed.
I wake up enough to notice I growl a little and put my butt to a wall.
heads into the bar sitting down at the bar table.
snuggles into.
embraces your tiny little body while petting.
rolls on my back.
steals for snuggling.
glares at ralkesh.
hisses* I'm afraid not! *tackles.
gay wrist slap attack.
critical damage sustained.
is dead and rapidly decaying with hundreds upon thousands of maggots writhing and eating away my body.
gay wrist slaps ralkesh's grave too.
critical sediment damage sustained.
is dead with hundreds upon thousands of cracks splitting away at my tombstone.
tackles hindai one last time before koda.
salt mode activated.
runs into vents.
crosses his arms over his broad chest making a serious thinking face and tapping his chin wth his finger.
looks up at the canine with a little smile across his soft lips.
looks over and chuckles at the display.
giggles as Dax runs down the stairs before turning the stove on and prepping the tasty treats.
I walk through the front door wearing only body armor, and shorts Im carrying a MG42 I go to the bar setting the large gun down.
eeps at the sight of the firearm... He scatters behind the couch.
walk down the stairs as sniff some food and he see group sit on the bar stools.
I look confused at the irrational fear.
I set out plates for everyone to have grilled ham and cheese.
peeks his head out and looks up at the bear.
I said as I appear with everyone else, looking at Griz and then take out a bottle of coke and have a cooler with me. I smiled and ask.
stands* beer? Its 8 am... *he takes a plate of grilled cheese.
I look at dax* Do you remember dax I have a job that requirs me to ise one *I look over at K.
Throws a bottle over to Ryan, I then looked over at Buoy and rise and eyebrow and chuckle slightly* "Don't tell me you are going to be one of those people now." *I say and then give a bottle of beer to Griz..
I say winking at him and I continue to drink more of my coke..
I chug the beer down like its nothing I pull out my personal bottle of Jgermeister.
I snap my finger and a bottle of wine appears and I give it to Buoy and smile more..
sips on the coke smiling at everyone.
blinks and shrugs off the mysterious appearance of the wine bottle.
I say as I chugged the rest of my coke. And as I finished that bottle I let out a loud burp, I chuckled and take out some beer and mix it with the coke..
 There is a loud, "Thump, Thump, Thump" As if someone was walking up the stairs with led feet, Panting, and a groan. The foot staps stop for a moment as if the person on the steps had to take a rest. A short time later the stepping contenues to the top landing. The thinder crashes and the lightning flashes just after, the wind howling in to the night..
 There was the smel of blood. Infact there was a streek of it going up the wall of the staircase as i used the wall for support. There were red footprints too in the shape and design of heavy tactal boots. I despratly needed my first aid kit...What i really needed was a hospital. but a bit thick headed on the subject i am indeed. On my knees and weak at the top of the stairs i stand once more, my knees wobble. My wind breaker is torn and the word POLICE Is a little obscured as i make my way over to my door, wet and in pain..
 I turn and see you starting to dial the emergency services. Weii a lell of a lot of effort and speed i Snatch the phone from your paw, Pressing the "End" Button.* No, I dont need them! * I don't sound angry with you at all. I unlock the door of my room and push it open walking inside.* Come here help me. * I say Grabbing the fur shears and the first aid kit. I shuck my wind breaker off on to the floor and sit down on a chair in the livingroom. There was not but a single lamp and i yank the lamp shade off and put it on the coffee table for better light. I pop the lid on the bottle of Isopropyl alcohol and slip my torn uniforn shirt off and to the floor, grunting in pain as i bleed all over the floor. There are three long gashes across my shoulder and down my chest, its deep enough that you can see the fatty tissue under the flesh..
 I say befor ripping my dark black shirt open to expose my wound, I hiss thorugh my teeth at the movement.* Alright i am going to wash out the claw channels with the alcohol. Its going to hurt like motherfucker and i am going to scream and curse a lot and possibly break something. Dont be frightend, just stay still. Can you do that? * I look up at you, one eye blue and the other yellow. My gaze is serious..
 I say patting the clippers which sit on the top of the first aid kit. I take quick deep breaths in and out as i prepair to soak my wound in the alcohol. I prep my self for what seams like a whole minute but was only like fifteen seconds or so. My un injured arm shakes violently and suddenly i splash my self with the disinfecting liquid. It takes a moment but i do scream. I scream loud standing up and Cussing like a very creative salor. I kick over the chair i am sitting in and put a hole in the wall with my other fist.* FUCK! FUCK GGHOD DAMN HOOKER SHIT BASTARD! OOG MOTHER FUCKER!!!!!!!!!! * I eventually hunh over panting loudly and whimpering. Sill swearing. After a little bit i finally sit the chair back up and plop down in to it again still panting hard. I sit forward so you can reach all the arias that need to be atended to..
 At rist of bleeding out compleatly i pick up the clippers my self, plug them in to an outlet and trun them on. They buzz loudly. I look a bit odd as i gingerly start to shave the furr away from ound my wounded chest and shoulder. This takes a while, my un injures arm feeling like led due to the blood loss. I do the best job that i can occasonaly soaking up blood with my shreded uniform shirt. The coppery smell of blood in the air was almoast sickaning. I drop the clippers to the floor, still running and i pick up the needle and thread pack from the first aid kit and go to town. My black flesh puckers as i push the needle in to my own shin and drag the smooth thread through. I grunt and groan as I do this getting very tired now. This prosess takes me a while and i get most of the wounds cleand and stiched up most of the way. I stopped bleeding for the most part and the stiches are neat and not to tight. I grunt and struggle to my feet, shambling to the bathroom and pulling the antibiotics out of the cabnet. I take a few of them and turn on the bathtub fosset. I kneel down a bit and fall in to the bathtub. I let my self slip in to the water as the tub fills. I turn off the water befor i fall asleep..
 Blood was everywhere. Footprints and streeks along the walls. Lightning flashed and the power went out just as you would notice such things. The blood and the smeel would lead up to my room. The door on my room and bathroom was wide open for every one to see as i lay passed out in the water of the bathtub. There wer wards carved in to the wood on my door effectivly warding off and nullifying any magic that entered my dwelling..
 The lightning flashed again and a runic inscription above my door said essentially. "The inabatance of this dwelling has an alergy to magic. A magic user my enter only after disarming ones self.".
 You see my eyes had opens just a little bit. My voice is but a whisper, or more like a quiet croak..
 It seams like speaking is quite the effort and my eyes roll in to the back of my head..
 You would feel me shiver a bit as you lay your hand upon me and my own arm, Like jelly, Slips out of the water and lifts it slowly for the food, but it seams everything is a struggle. The stiched up woulds on my shoulder and chest looked very nasty. There were four long gashes. My arm flops limp for a moment and then trys again, to no avail. I relax a little as the pain fades..
 It would probably be around now that you would notice that i am still half dressed. Clad in Navy blue slacks, boots and a Police officers duty belt. all my equipment was submerged under the pink water of the bath, although my raido still seamed to be working, burbaling nonscence under the water..
 I seamed to have rolld off in to sleep once more, the bath water growing cold as the storm raged on outside..
 I stay asleep now, havent actually eaten anything at all. I breath and my heart beats. I sleep through the night but in the middle off the night i start to shiver..
 I am in a dead sleep, it would be hard to wake me up at this point. I stop shivering when you dry me off and take me to bed. I sleep on through the night and half of the next day..
 i say, my eyes trying to focus..
 I look at the wounds on my chest and then the expression on your face..
 sees the pain in your eyes, as you are not doing a very good job at hiding it..
 Having gotten a bit of my streingth back i get up on my elbows and look over at you..
 I lean up quickly but softly pressing my lips against yours. Kissing you softly..
 I brush the side of your cheek softly and smile. i nuzzle under your chin a little..
 Blushes a little.* If it helps with the whole thing, you may use me. To, To help us both take the pain away. * I put my paw on your leg, blushing deeply and looking away..
 Leans down and gives your neck a little nibble..
 it was a tad strange for me to act this way, i was not normaly one to pressure one in to a sexual encounter. You would feel the would on my shoulder tingle and burn a bit, but it was not nessisaraly painful. There was a sudden surge of power you wouldent have expected. Wearwolf scraches were sort of odd..
 i push my muzzle back in to yours kissing you back hard. Some of my Chi is Blue, the other, red and far, far better tasting than the blue, and there seamed to be a really large pool of it around. Whith a strength you wouldent have expected i shove you back against the head bored and straddle you. I growl softly, my yellow eye turning blood red as i am naked in your lap. I still kiss you, licking the inside of your muzzle and tongue and tugging on lips..
wags his tail .
checks my calendar.
muffled talking.
 Pokes head in..
pokes that head.
 I smile and deside to come all the way in..
I walk into the room completly feral carrying a new ball in my mouth I look really exited.
I walk over to him drool covering my ball i smile.
I dont understand what he says i just see what he wants to do pets dont make desisions.
I sit down on the floor in front of the big Burr. I smile giving lots of pets and scritches, behind eats and cheeks..
i smile still with the ball in my mouth as he does it after I'm done with him scratching my ears I flop on my back exposing my belly some of the drool from my ball goes around my maw and is on my cheeks not really caring about that right now.
 I move over and put both paws on your belly and rub and scritch vigorusly..
Muffled happy grunts and huffs escape my mouth i smile a lot feeling Remo rub and scratch my belly. I wonder if he is one of masters friends?.
 I say still petting and rubbing big bear belly. I get all over too..
 I laugh a bit seeing your expression. I scritch and rb that big belly more and more..
I smile more and I stare at master who is watching me I try to greet him with a muffled grunt.
 Wonders about the exchange and keeps going..
 I chuckle and stop, laying my head on your belly..
the soft fur surrounding your head I just relax my eye lids already half closed but resisting the feeling of sleep.
 I purr loudly snuggling in to you and closing my eyes. My fingers contenue to work your furr..
I start to fall asleep.
 Plays with the nub under your fur..
I start to curl up into a ball surrounding Remo in my soft fur i start grunting sounding like I'm talking.
 I look shocked, but i dont move away as you curl around me..
only drake understands my feral grunts as the word "cub" and "protect" I hug Remo in my sleep.
I hug remo tighter feeling my strong paternal instincts and intense emotions returning to me.
 Is not sure what was said but i dont move and snuggle in to the big bear, clutching on to hid fur with both paws. I close my eyes again, Drifting off in to sleep..
I feel around him to see if hes hungry or needs anything.
 I let out a soft moan as i am felt up, As i am asleep i do not need much. I nuxxle tight and close, my T-shirt riding up a little. I hike up my pants a little as i begin to snore softly..
I sleep deeply snoring as well i drool a little as my mouth hangs open.
 I start to dream nd i shake and jerk a bit from a bad dream. I pull on your furr a little and make a whimpering sound..
I lazily run your head my face turns worried drake hearing my grunts as "Father here...Love cub".
 Having heard your words in english in my head my eyes snap open. jerking my self out of my dream..
I hug him tight still grunting trying to reassure him that "cub's" father loves him very much.
I still grunt.
 Blushes very deeply, not sure why i am starting to understand you. I am not sure how to respond. not fluent with your grunt lingo. I lick your cheek softly. i hope i dont insult you..
I question that statement looking back at what I think are memories of me and remo leaving the forests and living here to play and raise him.
 I lick your cheek again.* I.. Am Sure.. You are. * look a little confused. .
I still am asleep when these things are said but in sense that I and maybe cub is hungry i open my eues but my pupils are dilated* ....Food.... *I get up smelling that the fridge has the most food I start slamming the door and shaking it trying to get the food.
I gather as much food as possible and push some over to remo and smile.
 I stand up and follow behind the bear, blushing and not sure what to do. I look to Drake as i have the food pushed tward me, and then back down at the food, and back at the bear again. I pick up the box of cold pizza, indeed hungry and open it. I pull out one of the four slaces and put it in my mouth befor handing you one as well..
I refuse it until cub is full.
 Well then i eat that slace too and then another, picking up the caarton of OJ and taking a big couple of gulps..
 I smile up at you from the floor..
I continue to watch remo as he eats feeling happy.
 Unable to eat all you had brought i look up at oyu and smile rubbing my own belly, Full..
I start eating too when I'm done i look at remo silently then watch the group of people playing wondering if they're planning something.
 I get up and motion for you to follow me as i haed to an uoccupied sofa so that we could watch the game..
I drag remo gently away fromthe couch thinking that was too close to them.
 I whimper a little as i am dragged away..
I nuzzle him feeling more protective of him.
 I bite and nibble playfully trying to get away again..
 I try grunting again..
I know he is still a little cub i start to nuzzle him more.
 I set out to proove i am a big boy and i nuzzle back, my paw reaching down between your rear legs and give a little squeeze, Not sure how this was going to turn out..
I question it still watching him.
 Doing my best to communicate i takr your heavy paw and put it against the heafty bulge in my jeans. You could tell i was hard, and not small like a cub would be. I look up in to your eyes as i do so and grunt again..
 I grunt looking a little worried..
I start to feel weird i love away I let him play with them I look sad thinking he will leave me like my mate did all those years ago.
I run over to the game and sit next to drake.
I nuzzle drake.
 I walk up behind you as you nuzzle drake. I sit next to you..
I nuzzle remo.
 I purr softly and nuzzle back. I nibble on your ear..
I am looking around panicing trying to find something.
Jasmine briefly looked around the room, her own room, as soon as she had fully regenerated into it. The walls had a nice, rocky texture to them like you would see in a cave. The walls were clean, like someone had cleaned recently. There was a double bed with egyptian silk sheets and a soft, pure white comforter on top. The nighstand had only a modern metal lamp covered by a decorated shade, and an alarm clock. She had only a sweater on as per usual of her prefrence as she glanced at herself in the mirror on the vanity. The temperature of the room was suprisingly perfect, about 70 degrees and she needed no pants. Her ears flicked, then swiveled towards the door, the window, and relaxed. She walked tiredly to the neatly made bed, throwing herself gently onto it and its pillows, a soft thud sounding instantly. She was a little exhausted as her life wasn't interesting, but consisted of working around the place, taking care of herself, and making sure her body wasn't getting lax. She opened her mouth for a yawn, making a soft whine as she did. Soon, she was asleep in the same position she landed on the bed in. .
lazily salutes, then passes out.
loves dickgirlz.
I walk up to drake in feral form still wearing my leash and collar from that game we were playing.
Renamon sighs softly, then gets up out of bed. She stretches once again before opening the shades for light, fixing the bed, and getting her favorite sweater back on. She then brushes out her tail and makes her way to the lobby.
 Walks in the door, Still in uniform. I relax a bit waiving at every one before making my way up tp my room to slip in to something more comfortabul..
 I blush nd turn back on the stairs to look at Drake..
 I give a bit of a giggle and make my way up to my room and shut the door..
 I come back down the stairs in a pair of tight green shorts and a under shirt. I come over to the group and stand right next to Drake..
 I wiggle my rump a bit as i notice you glace down. I grin a bit, nibbling on my lower lip a little..
 I blush a little my self and take notice of your pants, soon after, you feel my paw upon it, squeezing and rubbing softly as you talk to Chip..
 That greedy paw slips down the back of your pants and i dig my claws in you your right ass cheek a little..
 I murr a little contenuing to play with your sexy ass, and before you knew it i had reachd down so far that you could feel the tips of my fingers against your balls..
 I lean uppressing my body in to you, and whisper in to your ear..
I walk up to drake feral still wearing my collar and leash from the truth or dare game I'm holding the leash in my mouth.
I look at master confused I drop my leash and look down at it then back at him.
I grunt out so he only understands.
i sniff something I try running off.
I feel the tug i go back still sniffing.
I sound exited.
I look sad i get close to master again still sniffing the smell of deer.
I just go with master I smell a river filled with salmon nearby i start walking towards it.
I start trying to catch fish I catch one I give it to master.
I smile trying to catch more fish I catch a few more giving them all to master even though my own stomach was growling loudly.
I eat it getting scales and blood on my face and paws.
I run into the river washing my paws then my maw I walk out soaking wet.
I shake off my body off then stay at masters side not wanting to dissapoint him.
I resist the smell as much as possible still staying at his side.
I look at master laying on my back.
I walk over to dax smiling.
I look confused at the giant dax just wanting to play or just let him pet me.
I look exited jumping up and down.
I walk up to Chip and sit down in front of her holding a ball in my mouth.
I smile i drop the ball in front of Chip  looking exited.
I run after the ball grabbing it with my mouth then bringing the ball back to her wondering if she is one of masters friends.
I am sitting on the toilet in a bathroom stall fully nude.
I pad into the room my paws making  a destinct thump with every step I walk in the middle of the room finding a spot in the room to lie down I go to the middle of the room and flop onto my back exposing my belly floof i put a paw up to my neck and try to scratch under my collar but to no evail i just put it back down.
I look up at Chip smiling my tongue flops out of my mouth I start drooling.
I close my eyes smiling while making happy huffs and grunts my body moves closer to Chips hand everywhere she scratches my big goofy smile getting bigger.
My smile gets as big as it can be now as you satisfy a itch thats been their since he got the collar put on by master i drool even more making a visible pool near my tongue not really noticing just enjoying the attention I'm getting from Chip.
I hold out both my front legs in a hugging gesture hoping Chip would like the cuddle.
I cuddle her happily grunting already close to falling into sleep.
I curl up into a ball covering your entire body in my soft fur my mind shutting off as I drift into sleep holding you like a scared child holds a teddy bear.
I start grunting in my sleep one of my paws lazily go to Chip's head and start rubbing it my sleeping mind telling me to lull whatever is in front of me to sleep as I try to pull her closer and hold her tighter without it becoming uncomfortable A smile slowly forms as I sleep.
His consious mind now shutting off only running on his instincts which are telling him to keep putting the hyena to sleep my head rubs get slower my heart rate and breathing slows and my grunting becomes quiet like whispering I nuzzle my head into you.
My whole body going limp after sensing Chip going to sleep still curled up I begin to sleep deeply my mind telling me its ok for me to just turn everything off and it will take over for a little while.
yawns n stretches, the warmth of the sun having baked into my fur as I slept on a branch half way up a majestic chestnut tree.  Digging my claws into the bark to give em a stretch, I look around and enjoy the cat's eye view, sun rays colorfully blasting through the tops of the trees.    I climb down quickly, very much in the mood for tea.  I quietly sneak past the cute cuddlebutts and start heating up some water.
I get up in anthro form I am naked so I put on a jockstap to cover the important stuff I carry a leash tightly in my left paw making sure nobody gets to it i go up to the bar.
I look at drake adjusting my jockstrap.
I put my arm over you.
i look at him looking at the leash.
returns with a cup of blueberry tea, sipping it slowly so as not to burn myself like I did last time.  Careful not to sit on any fuzzbutts, I plop down onto the couch*. "Morning, err, afternoon everyone " *smiles.
waves to the group with my floofy tail, the scent of blueberries washing over my nose as I sip my drink.
i look at drake swinging my leash around making sure not to hit anyone or anything drake can sense something about the leash.
smiles wide, having learned I'm not the only fur who can't use coffee to wake up.  I slowly finish my cup, setting it down as I pull out my 3ds and fiddle with it a bit.
I look at drake observing my leash.
joins the others at the bar in an effort to not seem like an antisocial cat, sitting next to the cute @Chiptunehero after grasping a second cup of tea.  I bump tails with those that have tails long enough for it to not be a butt pat ^^.
I put the leash on my eyes glaze over and i slump forward in a trance my mouth hangs open and I start drooling.
I wait in a trance until someone grabs my leash.
I kneel in front of dax still in a deep trance my speech is lazy and slow.
My cock starts to come out of its sheath until its fully erect.
I look at drake with my blank expression the leash on the floor now since dax left.
I shake my head slowly dax notices my eyes have a pattern on them barely visible.
I sniff Dax's cock smelling his scent.
I lick his pants where his cock is.
I continue to lick.
I swirl my tongue around your tip.
 walk into the room completly anthro I look at the scene me being completly naked accept for a collar my arousal is very obvious very badly wanting to join the fun but thinking hes either not welcome or even if he does join he wouldnt know what to do.
I get closer to the action Svel sees I'm holiding something behind my back he senses its magical properties i smirk at him seductivly like he heard his thoughts about him.
I look at the Sergal as he explores* Finally came out of the closet havent we? *I say in a joking manner.
i get up I'm only wearing a pair of athletic shorts I go to Jak and extend a paw he now sees that the bear has small bison horns on each side of his head.
I look down at him confused.
I find a vacant room and unlock it then hand you a key.
I look at his body never really seeing  extenstive cybernetic implants before until now.
I chuckle slight having a seemingly akward demeaor.
I lead him to the bar with any drink you can imagine I sit down thats when Jak notices the collar I wear around my neck.
I look over at him* Oh this thing? *I play with buckles and all the things attached to it.
I go to the couch and fall asleep for a few minutes then wake up sniffing the air smelling someone new I walk up to Jak on all fours my simplistic feral mind ready to meet a new person. I sit in front of him like a pet and look up at him smiling and grunting happily.
I smile as he pets me i get closer to him my head nuzzling up to him happily huffing and grunting having the feeling I'm going to like this new person but curious about what he's drinking. The smell is very different because of the grizzly's hightened sense of smell.
Sits down awkardly on a chair as his paws are cuffed behind his back, as usual! He wore a pair everywhere that were easy to fasten without warning, and could only be opened with somone elses help. They were orange and leather and he wore a matching collar. He had no other clothes on. It was impossible to dress himself like this!.
I walk over on all fours.
he added quickly.
he was also a bit fan of whiskey, being irish himself* But I may still have a hard time drinking it! .
The feral bear pads over to Ginger looking confused.
Looked surprised as he was untied. He was very used to people preferring to keep him restrained!* "Oh, thank you!" He sipped the whiskey happily, enjoying his few moments of freedom before he was inevitably tied up again sometime soon.
The giant feral bear nuzzles ginger and sniffing him.
pets the bear.
I smile when he pets me I sit down in front of Ginger like a pet.
spots Booker.
I pad over to the other feral bear licking her face then nuzzling her not seeing her for a while he grunts out to booker that he missed her and hes glad shes ok nuzzling her again and sniffing her.
I grunt happily grooming her head and muzzle like she did with me then touching snouts again sniffing as they touch a smile comes across my face.
sniffs everyone's balls.
 heads outside and sets up a hammock as I dig a small fire pit.
 kocks on the door.
 heads back outside setting up the fire pit as my ears are back..
 gets up and heads inside.
unzips pants to reveal cocksaber.
it burns off the fingers as you bat it cause its a cock lightsaber.
Before Jak came it I woke up padding on all fours to the main room  looking for someone to play with I eventually am sick of waiting and go get my ball holding it in my mouth and then I see Jak i run up to him and sit on the floor in front of him holding my ball in my mouth drool slowly coming from my mouth.
I run after the ball then grabbing it with my mouth at the end of the hallway I walk back over to Jak smiling and making muffled happy grunts.
I go up to Firebird with my ball sitting by his side nuzzling him making more happy grunts.
The human had finally woken up mildly annoyed due to the thuds and the heavy steps of something and somehow he ended up yawning and stretching their was a nice wet and damp spot on his pillow as he'd most likely slobbed in his sleep as he waves at Firdbird & Griz..
I look confused but still i go to Rhys who I havent seen in awhile I run up to him stopping right in front of him and flopping on my back wanting belly rubs.
Waving back to Firebird, only to notice feral Griz on his back and posing if that wasn't the biggest signal for belly rubs he didn't know what was. Slowly getting up despite his sizable tent rocking that was concealed behind a pair of black boxers, taking my strong, smooth, and soft hands using my digits to not only rub that belly I'd be kneading and massaging it as well even hitting the sides to see his reaction.
I start smiling big my tongue flops out of my mouth as I make happy grunts and huffs.
My tongue flops out of my mouth as I smile bigger i start drooling as well creating a pool of it near my tongue not really noticing just enjoying the belly rubs my happy noises get more frequent.
Rhy's fingers dig deeply into certain areas of the bear's belly making sure to get in there real good, he made sure to not get locked together with Firebird while he caresses the bear's body..
This had to be the best belly rub hes ever gotten he is just sitting there enjoying every second one of me back legs even start twitching like a dog.
He relaxes as you massage my neck it going completly limp.
I start panting as firebird ends up touching my sheath for a littke too long my cock starts to poke out.
Rhys had been watching Firebird do this but doesn't not to act on it seeing as Griz was really enjoying it. The human starts rotating his palms in a little forceful to the bear's cheek so that he could actually feel it..
I start get desperatly horny my hips thrusting into the air.
I grunt in pleasureas Firbird touches me in such an intimate way I start moaning quietly.
I feel waves of pleasure hit me as firebird continues to touch me i start moaning louder.
He moans when his balls are touched he cock twitches a little.
Yes I was close but I cant express it so I make a loud moan followed with pleasure filled grunts.
I roar as I cum all of it hitting my stomach chest and face it reminds me if when my old master milked my cock with a vibrator and a penis milking machine I remain hard wanting to milk my cock and balls of everytging its got.
Im still panting in horny desperation wanting to be milked by the Avian.
I start humping the floor out if desperation.
I hump faster.
I instantly stop humping still panting.
he obediently gets on all fours.
when he snaps his fingers his face has a vacant expression and is slumped over.
He goes to his side and sits close to him still looking like hes in a trance.
Still in a trance he follows the avian.
I look at his cock staring blankly at it.
I sniff his cock my eyes glaze over still staring blankly.
I raise my ass up in a automatic response making a tired, lazy but at the same time sensual moan.
Still moaning enjoying the feeling of getting fucked by fires large horsecock and getting jerked off.
as he bumps into my prostate i start rocking back meeting his thrusts halfway.
I roar out in pleasure again as I cum hard it going all over fires hand and my chest.
He rocks his hips faster ready to be filled.
I kneel in front of him cleaning his cock with my mouth.
Im still staring blankly.
I run into the room wearing body armor and carrying my MG42 aiming at the source of the explosion.
Celeste tilts her head confused as she hears the  loud booms and crashes. Along with wearing her flattering pink dress, she also carries two mahogany suitcases. One for each hand.
I put down the gun and glare at Woz.
I show Woz a huge healing gash in my neck which disabled my voicebox.
After putting her bags away in the new room she is assigned to, Celeste wanders in to the bar while she smiles happily and bows to them.
I jump a little from the sudden movement It starts to heal a little bit.
I shake my head at Woz to sognify it didnt work completly.
I look at him hoping he gets I'm practicly mute right now hoping he understands I cant show my graditude.
I look at Woz thinking he wont be able to fix my cut voice box.
makes his round and sniffs everyone's nuts.
Was extremely musky today so of course Tesla would most certainly get quite the intoxication.
the tiger sat between your legs, purring loudly as he looks up at you,curiously sniffing around that area....
The human had on red/black flannel styled boxer's on so the poor tiger wasn't completely exposed to what the human was packing. Rhys would start to use his digit to work the back neck of the Tiger and spread his legs apart a bit giving more access for the Tiger to get lost in the natural, sweet, and excessive musk he was emitting.
I enter the room and lay down in front of Tesla laying down my head on his lap.
the tiger rumbles deeply,lightly nuzzling into the humans sweety smelling bulge,purring roughly against it, lightly tugging at the humans boxers with his teeth...
the tiger pulls the boxers down fully with his teeth before letting go and returning up top, purring loudly at the sight of the humans sizeable, damp looking nuts, leaning forward and pressing his nose into them firmly and sniffing at them as deeply and slowly as he possibly could.
The human moans lightly from feeling that rather cold, soft, and cute nose of the tiger's just rubbing and nuzzling it for a bit. Next he bites his bottom lip in anticipation for what the tiger did next.... Feeling his large orbs being sniffed it was rather smooth and clean, only pubes on him was the patch above his crotch.* "I forgive you Leo, and I'm glad that you were able to apologize to me no harm done." Rhys stated in a calm and forgiving tone before Leo ran out, however now he starts leaking fluids onto the bridge of Tesla's nose while pulsing heavily..
The bear pads over to Leo nuzzling him making happy grunting noises.
the tiger would only continue to rumble deeply,nudging his nose playfully under the humans balls with a soft, lightly wet squish, feeling some of the musky sweat soaking into his snout fur as the nuts slid up the bridge of his nose. The big cat looks up at the human submissively, then at the erect cock just above him, the tiger doing nothing else than reveling in the amazing scent.
I look at Leo smiling enjoying what he is saying I lay down next to him my head close to the water enjoying the petting I'm getting from the fox.
the tiger growls softly, pressing his nose upwards against his nuts firmly with a soft squish, the tiger sniffing hard and as deeply as he possibly could, his back arching as he filled his lungs with nothing but the humans ripe scent, getting lost and entranced in it...
I instantly follow it with my eyes watching it shine in the moonlight seemingly entranced by it my feral state seems very suseptable to that type of thing.
The human just starts to massage Tesla's lower back, kneading deeply and presses firmly with his digits to get any knots that maybe forming on his body. Ignoring his flexing & pulsating pole that just keeps leaking fluids against his lower belly now. The ripe scent was perfect for the tiger as even though he'd shower, he could never get rid of that manly breeding scent of his, it was almost as if the Tiger's mind was only just upon the scent alone..
I look dazed I simply nod and slowly pad back inside.
the big cat would seemingly feed off the humans scent,breathing it almost naturally as it was his world and the only thing he could breathe, arcing his back lightly against the rubs, allowing the human to do so, the lovely nuts just resting atop the bridge of his snout... the tiger seemed like he just couldn't get enough and was perfectly content to do this for hours on end.
I walk over to Leo and pet my head in his lap making tired grunts.
The human got the perfect spot just like he figured felines have there, not all of them, but if we're going for the instinct it's usualyl in the area he was scratching, which he kept caressing at this point honestly. His pendalous globes rests on top of the big cat's nose basically basking in that primal and faint raw smell that he basically can't breath without at this point, A yawn would emit from his mouth feeling content to just rest like this, and ignore his ginamous boner. that bounces idly most likely gonna go back to being an enormous flaccid.
I feel the fox's hardening cock touch my chin I dont really care not knowing its his cock.
the tiger would slowly begin to pull his snout out from under the humans sweaty nuts before pushing it back in with a light squish, panting heavily, the big cat getting a little bit of fresh air which actually made him cough a few times.
the large feline nodded, settling back in place with a heavy purr, resuming his sniffing.
Rhys starts groaning loudly having not helped himself from the kitty diving back into his pungent, and whiff at his very musky aroma that had gotten stronger due to being exposed for so long, he takes it upon himself to tease the kitty by rolling and rubbing those hefty sack of his all against the kitties face, so much delicious stench taints the air a bit in his musk in a good way..
I get my head off Leos lap and padding over to watch Rhys I secretly also wanting to get in on it Rhys smells my musk from his position.
the big cat grunts softly,letting out a soft moan at the human, rubbing his face back into the smelly nuts happily, his leg twitching behind him, the tiger slowly closing his eyes, letting the human do as he pleases.
The human looks over at Griz and signals for him to come closer using hand signals, hoping he'd at least understand, and if not understand, that it would make him curious to move closer to get a redolence of his flavour'd musky. The big cat would definitely be coaxed in his sweaty, and smelly aroma having rubbed it and marked it on him the so that the tiger will still remember him by should they never meet again..
the tiger pulls his snout back just a bit, looking up at the human with his muzzle heavily damp, giving the humans amazing balls a loving couple of licks.
I pad over to Rhys seeing what he needs.
Immediately the human licks Griz's face, and soon starts sucking on the bottomlip of the burr-bear just basking in the moment really, once maintaining eye contact with Griz he looks back over to see Tesla giving those loving licks even though he'd been sensitive & his rough feline tongue was all it took before Rhys growled sharply. Rhy's gigantic rod starts pumping multiple strands and ropes of delicious spunk, thick, creamy, chunky, musky, & sweet as he gave Tesla a facial, painted his abs in his seed, and felt his musky balls tense up & lift upwards..
My musk also starts to fill the room as well the smell hitting Tesla and Rhys like a brick.
The smell feels quite refreshing to him due to it being the Burr-Bear's musk, even if he's use to that much filling a room and what not, he enjoys and breathes it into his lungs, while he huffs & pants lightly having busted quite the nut although he was still solid and rock hard.
I look at him confused on why hes so horny not able to smell his own musk.
Rhy's hips starts humping upwards in full-throttle from a reflex of his body. Couldn't help but spurt a few more drops of Sloppy goop, Hell rhys takes his left palm and starts gripping fondling, and basically coax his hand in a very musky scent that somehow knocked out Tesla, and he brings it up to Griz using his own equally musky scent to let the bear smell and see if he reacts to it..
I look confused at the hand then sniff it a little I dont really react too much exept my musk being more intense.
I smile as he pets me grunting happily.
Using hand sanitazer he'd squirt about three times into his left hand, and then moves his right hand to mush together with his hands squeezing and rubbing in a quick and easy motion to clean his hands of that musky scent and such, before waving his hand off although still cold and damp he'd starts massaging Griz's neck and smile back at him giving a growl of approval..
My neck goes stiff at the cold feeling.
Moving them away and just holds them out to let them air dry.
I start licking Rhys face grunting sniffing and huffing.
Caught off guard and giggle at my face dripping with bear saliva, I'd start licking back at Griz's tongue, and feel my hair blowing gracefully from a small draft in the room.
I start nuzzling you in between licks showing my affection more and more I lean on you my musk getting stronger.
My musk starts to have a hypnotic effect to it making whoever smells it dazed and easily hypnotize them to do whatever the hypnotist says.
I start to look dazed slightly as I smell my own musk and getting cuddled by the Human.
It starts to make me feel a bit dazed and weary, but I didn't let that bother me just yet distracting myself with many other thoughts having a strong will knowing the true secret of how hypnotism works..
The human starts to huggle and nestle into Griz.
I start relaxing my eyes half closed and feeling warm and safe with Rhys.
Rhys starts to hold you in such a caring, tender, and loving way that his head managed to rest on yours, and he held you closely wanting nothing more than to protect you.
I fall into trance my entire body going limp my eyes close and my head slumps onto your shoulder.
My body tense up and start locking up, as he goes into a rem stage, and slumps his chin on top of his head..
My mouth hangs open and starts drooling on your back.
The human would have to remember to get a towel to clean that up, but it was too late now as he only wanted to  stay like this with Griz.
I start trying to talk innmy trance.
The large burr goes deep into sleep and falls on top of Rhys snoring loudly.
yawns and rubs his eyes.
 Stumbles doen the stairs, dressed in light cotton shorts and a T-shirt. * oops almost lost it there. *I smile and contenue on. I plop down on the sofa ald look around the room..
he sit on the stool, put his elbow on counter while he think of food to make his stomach growls.
 blush and giggle a little looking over to watch..
 Grins and shrugs..
I yawn. Stretching my body out reaching for the sky. I scratch my belly and begin walking downstairs.
I stretch out again. Reaching up to the ceiling, groaning a bit as my back cracks..
 I stretch a bit my self, laying flat on the couch, my tight green shorts tented a bit from the atempted dirty play that had been going on. .
I giggle a bit. Seeing your tent. I give you a wink as I head to the bar to look for a honey bottle.
 I blush at your obvious observation of the tent in my shorts and giggle a bit my self watching you go over to the bar. I pull my shorts off, I follow you over to the bar and walk behind it..
his face on counter as his stomach growls front of Reno, he not see Reno and sioux.
I smirk. My nose sniffling the air as I can smell the sweet aroma of the honey. I stand up. Checking it out a bit as I notice I don't see the brim of your boxers. making Conclusions that you took them off I giggle once more. I walk off to the couch laying down. I look at him saying.
 I grin picking up the bottle of beer and the jar of honey. Half nude i walk them to you as you lay in the sofa. I blush and wiggle a bit.  Handing you the beer. and setting the honey down on the coffe table..
look up from the counter.
as you set my beer and honey down I grab you by the shirt pulling you close and stealing a kiss from you.
I take the beer and honey in my hands and walk to my room. Smiling.
 I gasp and moan softly as you steal that kiss. The kiss ends and i blush and nod as i hear you speak..
sniffs around the room curiously.
 Blushing very deeply i trot back around the bar and co in to the back where the kitchen is..
sit up and look at reno.
 I prep pans and start the burners on the stove. I go to the refrigorator and get eggs cheese and bread. I put the bread in the toaster and pull three eggs out of the carton..
 I break out the bowl and the whisk, along with the milk. I pour a little milk in to the bowl and then i crack three eggs in to the bowl and beat them in to the milk untill creamy. I pour the mess in to the hot pan and begin to cook. It only takes a moment or two, but the eggs are scrabpled and i lay the cheese on top sliding it off on to a plate along with the frest toast and juice. I bring them out to you with a knife and fork..
 I smile and wipe my paws with the dish towel..
drink orange juice lightly.
 I smile sweetly and stand there as you eat..
i about to finish eat breakfast.
rubs my belly as he smiles at remo.
 I smile back and giggles a little..
I continue to snore almost too loud as I sleepon top of Rhys.
nods softly as stretch arms in the air.
 Giggles and pokes your belly button..
look at remo as cover my belly.
 Pokes my tongue out at you and giggles..
Just kept silently staying asleep due to being a deep sleeper, plus he felt warm with Griz on top of him..
 I lick your finger and grin. I trun arounda nd motion for you to follow me in to the wine celler..
get off stool and walk to follow remo while he wonder what he up to.....
 I giggle again shutting the door behind us. * pull down your pants. * i blush, speeking quietly, stripping out of my shirt and shorts in front of you..
I open my eyes but my body stays limp on top of the human who out me into a trance last night.
Starts to really cuddle and snuggle into the bear on him, all that fur, weight, and love given to him he just makes sure to return it to Griz till he moves..
He doesnt have any thoughts in his head his hypnotic musk still filling the air around us I would be easily lulled into a trance even someone just telling me to sleep would make me fall.
Eventually Rhys wakes up and feels so heavy but then he realised this majestic burr bear was lying on him he sees that poor Griz was still in a trance... So he had his middle finger and thumb pressed together..
look at remo as tilt his head* hmm you seem you want some piece of me? *chuckles softly.
I stay on the verge of trance.
I look at dax trying to fight being so close to trance in so close that even being told to sleep would put me under.
He gets closer to falling when dax pets me looking dazed staring blankly.
I slowly nod getting closer into trance just one last push and I'll go under.
I fall into a trance.
looks around for nuts to sniff.
the tiger gasps and sniffs up at them deeply.
the tiggie shivers,groaning softly as he turns his snout upwards and rubs it into your nuts, inhaling as deeply as he can.
the tiger kept his eyes closed, purring really loudly, panting a bit as he swishes his tail.
the tiger crawled forward and rubs his snout messily and firmly into your nuts, purring really loudly, licking over them.
I relax* ...master...Pet obeys....*Dax smells my musk.
I stay in trance awaiting commands.
I open my eyes but still in trance i begin sniffing Dax's cock.
waves as tesla.
curls up on his bed.
Blinks at Kyle.
Shakes my head.
I step forward, extending my human hand.
i chuckle and shake your hand firmly.
I lean against a wall, placing my hands in my pockets, and smile at Leo.
the feral laid down and sprawled out.
i close my eyes.
I press off the wall and walk over, my former warm face now stoic..
flops everywhere.
licks my paws.
steps into the bar it is clear i havent been in here for quite some time, i go over and and grabs a stool and promply sits on it and casually waits for the tender.
yawns after waiting a while and no activity.
Is flopped on and startled from the suddenly apearing person.
gives you a real agitated look.
throws the person on me and sits back up at the bar.
I start padding into the room and looking around my feral brain simply just wanting attention.
I look at the Sergal a warm welcoming smile greets him.
the kit just hops in place side to side clearly more energetic. He crouches down and nears the bear lifting a paw ready to swat. But leaps back and side hops some more..
The bear was never really that energetic unless my ball in involved even then he wouldnt be very nimble.
the kit hops a few times then just lies there.. looking up at the bear waiting for a move..
I slowly pad over to Yan lowering my head near his face and start sniffing him before I start licking your face.
Yan yips and gets up and hops and play swats the big bear. He smells like a sergal..
The bear starts walking towards Yan again.
Yan scoots back a bit..
I sit down on the floor studying Yan's behavior seeing if he wants to play.
Yan hops side to side and takes a playful swat at the bear..
I start chasing him in a playful manner.
he backs off yipping and hopping a bit before sliding under a table at a booth..
I go to the table grunting happily and nuzzling you.
Yan yaps playfully and swats then takes a playful nom at the bear.
He grunts more then licks Yan's face.
Yan whines and flops. Covering his face with his arms wagging his tail..
I keep licking his face until I see my ball on the floor which instantly intetests me.
Yan yaps and whines. Pushing the tongue away each time. Then looks out at the ball too.
I run after my ball grabbing it with my mouth and chewing on it.
Yan looks at it and stays under the booth a while.. before leaping out and play swatting the bear trying to get the ball.
I cover my maw with my paws and scooting back.
Yan hops and follows..
Yan watches and takes a few play swats at the bear and yips..
I being to get more lrotective of my ball.
yan whines and pouts. Then lies down in front of the bear, pouty face.
I let my guard down I but biting hard on my ball I nuzzle Yan.
yan hops up onto the bear. Climbing on the bears head wagging his tail kicking his legs a bit. His groin on the bear's forehead. He scrambles to climb onto the bear.
I look up seeing what he is doing.
yan climbs onto the bear. Leaving his tail on the bears face. He sniffs and messes with the bear's fur.
He tries pushing the tail away.
the tail falls off to the side. But yan still straddles the bear's shoulders...
yan just messes with the fur and lies down like a sergal kit cape.. tail to one side. He stretches his legs out and ends up rubbing the bears face with his legs. Then flops em back limp..
I lay down looking sleepy.
Yan climbs some more.. when suddenly the little bear tail floof gets nommed!.
I jump in suprise.
Yan flops off in a  arc. Face and tail. He flops belly up in line with the bear. He whines from falling on his back...
uu~  ( <nn. )(Bear got up) .
I nuzzle him when he falls.
he squeals a bit and yips at the bear..
I lick his face to comfort him.
Yan chills out a bit and pushes the tongue away..
I fall asleep but wake up in a few minutes getting up on two legs and sit on the couch I smell musky.
Yan follows. Looking the bear up and down idly..
Yan stood up on his back legs too when he got up.
the muscular looking fox walks into the room and sits on the floor, leaning against the wall before yawning loudly.
I look at Yan.
Yan looks round then licks his and stares at the bar.. knowing there are sodas..
The hyena pads in from the stairs, tail swishing happily as she watches the on-goings.
I sit watching tv my musk surrounds me.
I look at Chip.
im in the bathroom naked on the toilet.
walks into the bar and sits down at the counter.
Spreads my legs a bit revealing a small wet spot.
licks my lips slowly.
Rubs Ryan's crotch a bit.
puts a paw over my muzzle and blushes.
my hips push into her hand as my paw circles her clit.
purrs and leans over Ryan's shoulder, licking my lips warmly as I clutch his waist.
I rub Ryan's cock a bit as I slide my panties off.
he Winks as he spreads her legs and lines his cock with her pussy pushing it in slowly till he's balls deep inside her.
I rub my maw against jazzys crotch.
I bounce slowly on Ryan.
I move my hips with her bouncing biting my lip.
purrs and shifts over beside her muzzle, his warm cheetah cock already aroused as his pink paw pads move up along her her chest clutching at her warm fur, tail raised and swaying.
sniffs at everyone's bulges through their pants.
purrs happily, lightly nudging and sniffing your bulge through your jeans.
the tiger nodded softly,whining a little bit, lightly nudging your belt and jeans again.
the tiger blushes brightly as you undid your pants in front of him, gulping a bit as he leans in and sniffs deeply at your boxers, panting softly.
the big cat nods and purrs loudly, playfully sniffing all over your cock and balls.
the tiger rumbles loudly, rubbing his muzzle firmly into your balls, sniffing deeply at them, his leg twitching a bit, eyes closed happily.
the tiger nods his head lightly, your hot, sweaty nuts resting on his snout.
sniffs heavily at them one last time before giving them a firm lick, moaning out cutely at the taste.
the tiger nods again, purring loudly as he slurps your balls into his mouth before beginning to suck on them firmly, moaning muffledly over then at the taste.
keeps sucking firmly and slurping over them, swallowing excess drool with loud glurks.
the tiger breathes heavily,stopping for a minute to catch his breath, looking up at you still.
he pants heavily, licking his lips a bit, petting your balls rest in his mouth.
kyle peeks in the room and sees the two busy before closing the door.
I sit down on the couch just relaxing.
Walks over and cuddles.
I smile and put my arms around him putting Ryan in a tight embrace.
sighs closing my eyes and rubbing my muzzle against you.
Closing my eyes and nuzzling your neck floof then rest my head of your shoulder.
my paw rubs against your chest.
I sigh happily as I relax.
i walk in and relax and sprawl out on the couch.
My muscles relax putting a little more of my body weight on you.
a dragon walks into the bar sitting on a chair thinking to what he needs to do..
he waits till someone talks to him..
the fox sees the dragon all alone and sits next to him.
raises his eyeridge..
looks at you..
takes out a cookie..
looks at nyaniko and chuckles.
my eyes widen.
eats cookie watching the 2 talk to the other.* silly is all I have to say. *chuckles eating another cookie..
i smile and scratch behind your ears.
sits and waits again for someone..
lifts her head up from the couch, blinking blearily and licking her lips* Hngh!? Hoo boy... how long was I out? *she murmurs more to herself than any gathered, belatedly realizing her nakedness and digging around for her jacket and shoulder-holster, the revolver having slipped free of the straps into the couch somewhere.
purrrs quietly, still asleep and curled up warmly in a half moon shape on the couch  tail flicking lazily beside him. He nuzzles into the couch pillows, draping a paw over his muzzle, distantly aware of the cold metal of a large gun and holster that was pressed under his shoulder and torso.
i yawn loudly and watch everyone as sprawl out more on the couch.
she huffs, searching for the gun with a mouth that was far too dry* Where is it... aw jeez. *she scratches her head and gently tugs on the holster, trying not to wake the feline as she fiddles and wiggles at it.
A soft quiet yawn comes from the feline's muzzle, his ears twittering lightly in response to the sounds but doesn't wake. He uses the back of a paw to rub at a spot behind his ear, before shifting into a more comfortable position, the metallic gleam of a barrel poking out from under his shoulder as he stretches his legs a little, footpaws splaying before curling back in..
I lay on the couch sleeping snoring loudly. Loudly enough to distract some people from what they're doing.
shyly waves having returned after so long.
i wave at loggy.
smiles at @soldierboykillem and looks back to @Houzu .
yawns like a the sleepy pup she is.
claims you with a hug.
squeezes a little tighter.
burries her blushy face in your side.
 Walks down the stairs and yawns deeply. The livingroom abd bar aria are dark for the night and i make my way in to the kitchen aria..
 Wearing only my boxers i dig in the pantry for something to eat..
 Lets out a bit of a fart as i grab some cookies for my midnight snack..
 Caught in the act, i turn tward the voice, wide eyed and with a pack of cookies in my mouth. I nod and grin a bit..
 The bar was drark for the night and i sat quietly at the other end dipping cookies in to a glass of milk.* Long time no see. * I say out of the darkness..
 You could also see my eye shine in the dark. I am dressed in nothing but a pair of boxers..
 You can hear the grin in my voice. I know and understand how your power works and thus, have more controle over my self because of it..
 I get up out of my chair and walk over to you slowly. I trace my finger along the bar top as my hips sway side to side. I walk up to you, already more than willing. I press my self up against you. You can hear me purr and you can feel my erection. That never ending pool of chi Pulling at you and teasing you..
 I moan as i feel your touch on my erection and i lean my head down, pressing my muzzle against yours, kissing you deep as i grind my self in to your paw.You can feel me throbbing..
 I gasp and moan at the warm feeling as you pull down my boxers and touch me with that glowing paw. After a moment i break the kiss.* Mmmh Fuck pull down your pants. I wanna suck that fat cock before you bend me over.* I grind my self in to that paw eagerly..
 Iget a little rough, pushing you back against the bar as i get down on my knees. You hear me growl a bit before pressing my muzzle in to your crotch. I give long licks, sucing your balls in to my mouth as i lick up your shaft. I murr anf groan at your masculin musk..
I walk downstairs to the sexy lion and drake having fun. Making my cock jump a little. I giggle and walk past them. Giving lion a good swat at his ass. Then I continue to the other room.
 I moan out at the others ass slap, my own cock jumping. I murr and lick and slup. Rubbing my nose in your musk.* Mmmh Blaze, You should invite Sioux too. I can take two dicks. * I say drunk and willingly under Blazes spell..
 And without hesatation i engulph you leaky throbbing member all at once, taking you in to the back of my throat and pushing my muzzle in to your pubig fur once more. I move my head pack and fourth quickly, my tonge lashing the underside of that thick shaft. I look up at you with my big kitten eyes and myrr loudly..
 I bob my head eagerly as you thrust in to my muzzle. Both of my paws on your rear. I moan breathing through my nose as i give you some of the best head you had ever gotten..
 I whimper and beg a little as you pull your cock free of my muzzle and a ribon og salava and precum connects my lips to your cock even still as i paw at you a little. I make a small noise as i am spunn around and bent over on the floor. I rest my elbows on the hard wood with my ass in the air. I gasp and cry out as you shove half of your fat dick in to my eager tail hole. I pant and moan my cock throbbing madly.  I felt no pain however, my lust so over powering thati actually push the rest of you inside me as i push back on you..
i cry out in plesure as you begin to thrust your self in to me more and more over and over. I push back in to your every thrust. just as full of lust as you are. I pantmy cock dripping on to the floor as myou pound my prostate in to submition..
 i moan obviosly enjoing a good fuck and feed. I paw at my own cock slowly as you fuck me good. My tongur haings out and i feel my self grow closer to my climax. I forcefully feed you even more Chi, After figuring out the method by feeiling you do it.  .
 I cry out as you slam your self in to me and howl, i feel that hot seed escape your body and flood mine. the warmth making my ass clamp dow hard around you. I stiff my rear back in to you and my seed exploads all ofver the hard wood of the bar floor..
 I giggle drunkenly and moan loudly as you pull your self out of me. I flop to my side purring and grinning and still giggling in the after glow. * Mmmmh Yes I did * Pant.
I pad into the room I see drake I jump on him my soft, musky fur surrounding him licking his face rapidly. grunting loudly and happily.
i walk into the room and wave at everyone.
I grunt happily.
walks over and lays a paw on him.
I tilts my head and my eats peerks up then I show you my collar.
I walk in. Very tired and very sluggish. I slowly take my sluggish self to the couch. Crashing onto the couch. I groan in the pillow.
I nods and wags my tail happily.
i chuckle and sit next to sioux.
i laugh and sit on your back.
looks up at you shyly and nods.
I looks shyly at your cock, with a bit of fear and curiosity in his eyes.
I get distracted smiling looking at my ball my attention on the ball.
I sprint after the ball smiling the entire way my tongue flopping around until I grab the ball with my mouth then bring it back.
I run at it again repeating the same process not looking too tired but breathing hard now.
I grunt and huff hapilly wanting the treat so badly now.
I eat it grunting out a thank you while I eat you notice my musk getting pretty strong from not bathing considering I've been in feral for so long.
I go towards the pool looking nervous never really experiencing a bath because nobody bothered to wash me in this state.
I put my paw in looking nervous looking at master with puppy eyes.
I get in trusting master I swim around in the pool happily.
The brear leans into him relaxing.
I put more body weight onto him as he scrubs and rubs my body relaxing me and cleaning me.
I dive in the water as instructed then look at master smilong feeling better now that hes clean.
I get out of the pool walking up to master and sitting dripping wet.
I start licking master's face and jumping on him.
I look even more exited i tackle drake licking and nuzzling him grunting loudly.
chuckles and walks over to dax patting him on the head.
I run inside scratching on tje door whimpering.
I nuzzle dax and lick his face.
sniffles and bites a spoonful of ice cream.
I start grunting happily as I give him affection I start jumping on him and licking his face my heavy weight pull him down.
Pouts and sadly eats ice cream.
I keep grunting happily and licking you  you notice that my belly has gotten bigger in the last few days.
I nod my collar jingling with my head movements.
I get off dax and flop on my back exposing my belly.
I look at master then at Dax seemingly reading drakes mind I smile bigger my tongue flops out of my mouth eventually.
I fall deep into a trance my mouth hangs open and drool starts to trickle out I begin snoring.
I wake up and l look at cub and nuzzle him I begin to groom cub with my tongue happily grunting glad to see my cub.
i walk away and start banging on the fridge door looking for food.
I knock over the fridge and the door opens I grab a lot of food bringing it over to dax's room I push some over to dax with my muzzle and look at him.
i look up at ty.
chuckles and blushes slightly.
i smile and eye you up and down.
pounces and hides.
I look around searching for something or someone I start roaring and grunt in a sad tone I start tearing up as my roars get louder and my searching more desperate.
pats the bear.
I start searching more roaring even louder looking really sad as tears cascade down my face.
is fairly afraid of crying bears.
and things in general.
My roars can be understood by him as I cry more.
I nod sobbing but still tense.
I run away from everyone hiding in a closet still crying.
The hyena cackles and heckles wildly with a typical hyena laugh..
The bear is a heartbroken crying mess he tries hiding his face with his paws but still listening to cut throat.
I keep crying just letting it out.
Just start to knead sweetly into his neck & places his head on my shoulder letting his tears soak my shoulders if need be..
My sobbing slows a little as I hug Cut throat.
The striped hyena just hums and sways easily rocking the bear in a lullably fashion, and hugs his own powerful arms around the bears neck embracing him fully..
I stop crying feeling him lulling me I start to relax becoming tired I yawn.
My eyes begin to droop and i start to go limp.
Adjusts us so that we'd be sort of standing in the closet... With me leaning mostly against the sleeping bear's body as he carresses his belly in his sleep, coos him, and continues humming him sweetly..
My eyes stay barely open trying to to sleep cut throats humming and holding isnt helping with that getting me closer to a deep sleep.
Who could blame him we were crammed in this damn random closet I don't see either of us getting sleep... With a low growl and annoying scowl at this I'd open both sides of the closet door. Keeping my arms secured arounded Griz's body knowing he wasn't barely gonna be able to carry... But then I'd start to lift with a moderate struggle as I somehow get him out of the closet, and nearly trip... However I'd bring him to a random king-sized bed. Before I lie down I'd start to wheeze and wipe my forehead before popping all my joints that I could, climbing onto the creaking & squeaking bed and fold myself into a ball over Griz to keep him all warm & snug.
I fall in and out of sleep trying to resist the sensations of sleep my body twitches as it wakes up.
Ended fading into his usual slumber, giving into his mind needing rest, while heading into a REM state..
I slowly fall into a deep sleep my head resting on the nearest part of you my mouth hanging open after a few minutes I start to drool.
While sleeping the striped hyena got extremely cuddly with the big-burly bear not at all minding how cute he might of been acting, and starts calmly breathing through his nose, while he rests his neck on your neck as well with your head on top of me..
waltzes in Finishing off a stiff rum n coke, the glass making a link as I set it down.  I go to fix myself another, my tail swaying behind me as I do.  I find a seat and plop down, letting off a relaxing sigh as I rest my head back a moment.
chuckles seeing the grin run across her face.*. Feel free to help yourself *Bumping tails, I place the rum on the table in front of us, taking another swig of the sweet intoxicant.
softly yawns as I stretch my body out to get the strain out from my body as well to relax and enjoy my night, murring softly to my self I fall back onto the couch relaxing from the long day .
he squeaks and blushes hard, hugging the wolf's legs tightly.
looks over at ducky.
notices you staring and tilts my head.
smiles a bit, the tiger waving a paw.
I paws at you and smiles .
giggles and paws back .
walks shyly over to you.
the feline sat up on his haunches, watching you approach.
I sit down in front of you.
purrs a bit, tilting his head.
noses at you.
the tiger giggles and nuzzles you back.
nuzzles your ears.
growls playfully and licks at your cheek.
blushes and giggles as I pin yoi down.
squeaks, looking up at you, his paws to his chest .
nibbles your ears gently.
blushes, growling playfully at you, flicking my ears.
giggles and lays down over you.
purrs heavily, vibrating your whole body.
licks your throath.
continued purring loudly, swallowing against your lick.
lays ears back and nibbles your throath and neck.
the tiger rumbles heavily, playfully pawing at you, opening his maw quite a bit.....
I blushes a little and licks your mouth.
blushes And giggles a bit, wiggling my tongue.
steps back a little and looks at you.
closes my mouth, licking my lips playfully, looking up at you.
smiles at you and lays my ears back.
i blushses and isnt quite sure if i should say something.
the tiger whimpered, rolling over onto his paws, padding over to you and sniffs at your lips playfully.
lays ears even more back and licks your lips passionatley.
the big cat keeps sniffing at your lips and tongue, playfully licking back at it.
paws at you playfully.
playfully bats back at your paw.
i giggle and bites your har.
squeaks and whines.
grabs his ruck sack and hops in the car.
wraps his arms around lonstat and gives him a nudge.
muzzles lomstat.
invites Kyle closer by holding his waist and chuckles.
places his pistol on his belt loop holster.
lomstat jumps down of the car with his headphones and nodding his head a little to the music... he makes sure the little goat on top was still safe.
picks lomstat up and his bags.
lomstat eeps when he gets carried by Kyle, clinging into him, usually he being the guy who carries people.
licks lomstats nose and enters the shady looking cabin.
throws lomstat on the couch and puts my bag on the bottom bunk.
lomstat takes off his shirt and trhows it on the bed on top.
grins and crosses his arms.
i pat lonstat and drag him onto the bottom bunk.
chuckles and, allready shirtless, jumps on the bottom bunk, using little space so they can both share it, The folf stretches and growls softly.
pats lomstat and smiles.
I run up to dax grunting happily nuzzling him then sitting in front of him and lick his face.
lomstat sgrugs* "I just hope the goat wont get into troubles for the piles of weapons he brought" .
i murr softly at the scratches and nuzzle the folf.
I knock over the fridge and gather food then bring it over to dax i smile at him.
i groan softly and lick the folfs nose affectionately.
chuckles and wraps my arms around the folf.
I watch happily as he eats ignoring the fact that my own stomach is growling loudly.
i chuckle and pull the folf on top of me and nuzzle his check before nibbling his neck.
i groan softly and begin kissing your neck gently as i nibble as well, my paws caressing your sides.
the folf blushes and  whispers close to the fox's ear, still offering his shoulder and neck..
i smile up at the fold before biting rather hard into the folfs shoulder and groaning.
i wrap my arms and legs around the fold and assert my dominance as I lick the fresh bite wound before looking up and kissing the folf passionately.
i moan loudly.
i arch my hips and squirm at your licks, my member twitching under your weight.
the folf caresses your bulge with his hand, softly; his lips and tongue playing with the fox's nipple with a little more intencity. He whispers with a smile still with his whole boy over the fox's.
i groan and shake my muzzle* oh I'm quite comfortable mister *i grind into you and lick my lips, growling with lust.
i dig my laws into the folfs hips and thrust teasingly and slaps the folfs rump* mmmfff we...we better stop before i get out of control *i wink.
chuckles* heh the day is young hehe dont want things to go angerous .
i slap the folfs rump again and stares into the folfs eyes again.
the folf archs his back a little  when you spank him and rises his torso chuckling and returning the stare.
i smirk and lift my hips to help my pants off and at the same time i strip myself of my shirt, exposing my muscular pecs and stomach.
the folf takes a good look on your muscles and starts to nuzzle gis hulge, starting to lick his balls, caressing your member with both hans for a moment, slowly and teasing you for a moment.
i groan and squirm at your licks, my member pulsating at your touch.
Someone hears noises from the closet.
i run my paws through your fur and smile and moan softly as i feel my member enter your muzzle.
The striped hyena starts to whimsically heckle in a typical hyena fashion and perked his pointed ears up, his fluffy mane and fur on his back stand on in as he sniffs and walks slowly towards the closet..
as the hyena gets closer the voice on the other side sounds like its crying.
i howl with pleasure, my tail swaying rather quickly* mmff fuck there we go....that's it...use the tongue just like that mister *i place my paw on the top of your head and push you down farther.
i open the door a little bit to see whos their i look at him then squinting my eyes also rubbing them.
i yelp as some pre shoots out of my member and i pull you off my cock before i cum* mmm fuck....ok turn around pup *i slap your rump* g...get on all fours *i pant as my cock leaks pre.
I'd just remember he must be feral so I'd get on all fours in a taunting manner only do to instinct as I start to Yap & Cackle in a feral yeen fashion.
i growl with lust and mount the folf from behind, teasing his rump with my dripping cock* mmfff you got a nice ass *i smile and grip the folfs rump in my paws, giving it the occasionally smack.
Im holding a old toy meant for anthro bear cubs As I look at it I cry more.
His ears droop seeing the father bear starting to show  signs of very high grief... It starts triggering hazy memories that start to give me a migraine... The sheering pain in my mind makes me dig my claws into the ground & wince a bit... Soon I'm able to cast those feelings aside although my brain felt like it was getting smashed by a hammer... I'd move closer over to the depressed burr bear and start to hug him, but avoids touching the old toy being that the old toy seemed symbolic... A message from the bear's mind giving insight to what's hurting him in his core..
i snarl and press my tip into you with a groan and slowly push the rest of my member into you to the knot.
the toy was an old baby rattle I carry it in my maw I shake it by shaking my head around I start feeling a little better.
the folf bites on hsi won arm trying to get used to the wide member of the fox. he breaths deeply trying to get rid of the initial pain and just enjoy the ride, arching his back.
The yeen eyes him deeply looking at the irises and his pupils to really grasp just how broken he was... It almost seemed like the only thing keeping him alive was his illusions, so he just starts rubbing and kneading the bears rounded ears..
I still continue crying playing with the rattle I look at you and squint my eyes not really believing what I'm seeing.
Sadly yowls into ears seeing that this poor bear must always be frighten.... And seems much more overprotective than ever reminding him oh himself way back when. The yeen just spends most of his tkime nurturing the poor soul..
My mind starts playing tricks on me I look at Cut throat brightly smiling and crying tears of joy as I nuzzles him, snuggles him, and lick his face making the happiest noises he could possibly make.
i grin and push my knot against your tail hole before starting to thrust slowly* d....damn you're fucking tight *i breathe deeply and slap your ass.
The striped hyena chirps & hisses lightly looking back at the broken papa bear, however I'd start to huggle and nestles closely into him feeling his tears start matting my fur but that doesn't bother me. I'd rumble heavily before licking your face back..
i thrust a little faster and grip your hips firmly as my balls slap against the folfs ass, the fox moaning a little and grunting as he feels the folfs tight hole.
My grunts and other noises can finally be translated.
i thrust as fast as i can, our moans and the sounds of my balls slapping against your ass filling the room* mmmff fuck....*i howl loudly as my knot pops into you and i shoot a load of warm sticky cum deep into you all the while my cock rubbing against your prostate.
Cheerful laughs and heavy rumbles would be heard from the Yeen... HE wasn't about to tell the Bear he wasn't his cub due to the feeling of understanding something's wrong.* Cub is fine please relax now Burr bear... Let's just lie down for a second..
I lie down instantly smiling at him in a fatherly way.
Starts to smirking in his own fatherly sense as well... Being that he doesn't really remember his childhood like that, however he starts to flop on top of Griz & Starts to huff and curl himself up.
I begin cuddling cut throat glad that my cub is finally back I nuzzle him sighing happily grunting out.
i pant heavily as i pull out, murring as he sees the folfs ass filled to the brim with cum* mmffff g...good boy *i collapse on my back and sigh.
i look at jason and smirk.
I'd say enjoying the warmth, soft, and fluffy fur of the bear tickling my own already heated body as I just felt like relaxing and helping this father in his time of need really..
i hop up and hug the stallion.
I continue to cuddle my cub feeling his stomach to see if hes hungry.
lomstat takes some time to get his enses back... and finds Kyle pouncing the stalion.
The only thing you feel is his belly sloshing around alcohol & food he digested earlier, and he laughs a bit wholeheartedly than intended and start to yawn idly.
I walk downstairs to the bar sitting down.
i dodge the machete and growl.
i grunt softly and pull out my pistol shooting the stallion several times in the chest.
I gentle put my cub down and start roaring and making other loud and hostile noises towards Jason looking like I would go berserk on him if he got near cut throat.
Still in a defensive stance in front of cut throat I bare my teeth I start tearing up a little.
waves at cody.
walks into the bar sittong down at a bar stool.
pats tesla and zero.
gives kyle a confused look.
a well dressed fox-wolf hybrid, using a complete formal tux and with long hair tied to his back appears unnoticed by his side.
the folf smiles a little writting it down, "on your way sire. may i suggest something to eat" the folf gives him a smile tho he doenst stand away from his formal stance.
lomstat nods and takes his emtpy glass as well as his plates..
lomstat rises his ears.
lomstat realizes someone else in the room and bows to @IrutoKling .
the lion rises his ears and responds with a similar sound.
the lion has NO idea why he tilts his head, but he does it anyway. he shakes his head a little since focusing too uch into the eyes of the creature gives im a little headache... he doenst have such a concentration span.
sniffs around, the tiger looking shy and quiet.
sits down on the couch.
rubs my paws on my thighs of my jeans .
appears on the couch.
grabs the remote thats on the couch and turns on the Bar's tv to a football game.
I run into the front door wearing body armor and carrying a MG42 I take cover near a window.
casually gets up and leaves.
I look at the goat.
goes into my pm's where ill stay untill id be needed.
Starts playing pool by himself ignoring the background noise, and whatever was going on as he just wanted to relax and do his thing... Had this mansion had a dart board he'd be all over that as well..
the cub padded up to you and smiles softly.
the cub purrs noisily and leaps up onto the couch, giggling a bit as he sat up on his haunches in front of you.
It's be about two hours of the Striped Hyena had been practicing for billards or pool that people like to call it he didn't care. After putting the items up and exiting the room he'd come back into the room where the Tiger & African Wild Dog were immediately crashing and flopping on another available couch that just happened to be there..
the cub snuggles against the puppy's chest firmly, purring happily against him, mrowling very softly and lovingly.
the cub closes his eyes and purrs happily and softly still, his tail lightly beating against the couch cushion.
the cub opens his eyes, purring a bit louder, watching the yen from across the way, lightly arching his back into the rubs.
I walk up to you sitting in front of ypu my collar jingling as I walk.
the cub flattens his ears as he stares on at the yena, gulping a bit, clinging onto his pupper lightly.
I just stare at master smiling making happy noises*.
My happy noises get louder to give master my answer I move my head closer to his pets.
I nuzzle master then put my front paws on your lap and lick your face.
i keep licking master's face seeing he likes it.
I give master more love and affection seeing what he will do next.
Svel and Drake see something on the floor where I was before I went to master.
On closer inspection Master sees its an handmade wooden rattle that had paintings of baby anthro bears on it on a blue background I keep giving you attention kind of eying the rattle.
I grab the handle gently with my maw and look at it not really playing with it seeming like a symbolic item more than anything.
i start shaking my head to rattle gently i start smiling as I do so.
I keep rattling my smile keeping to my face as I rattle I look at master hoping he doesnt question my actions.
I drop the rattle as I see the scene I begin to pant I go to master panting and looking at him.
My pants are now of desperate arousal as my feral mind no longer able to resist I hump the nearest object I can which is the couch.
I look at both of them panting in horny desperation wanting to fuck something for release.
I get into the position pushing my cock into Svel with as much force as I could.
As the lust fills me I pant harder NEEDING release already starting to thrust my hips on instinct.
I start moaning and panting thrusting hard into Svel.
I thrust harder into him as the lyst increases inside me leaking precum into Svel starting to bite parts of him.
I wake up walking over to Sioux I pit my paw on his shoulder.
I smile at Sioux.
I sip my coffee and I take a seat on the couch.
I sit next to Sioux wanting to be close to the fellow bear for some reason I put my arm around his shoulder my fur feels soft and warm I look at Sioux's face and give a warm smile.
I think for a second somethings missing he remembers and panics searching everywhere around the room i start looking scared as I try to find it.
I keep looking then looking at you looking really scared.
I grab it from your paws and hug you tightly.
I sigh* Cant really talk about it here Drake. Let Cut Throat explain everything once he's out of the showers. I shouldnt have brought it out for you to see *I walk into my room and hide it somewhere then come back.
I look at the Yeen holding the rattle smiling a little.
The yeen would looked over at the bear and gives his own mischievous smirk and waves..
I raise my paw and walk away from the room the Yeen hearing me use the rattle in the other room.
The rattling stops and I walk into the other room and lay on the couch.
With the burr bear on the other couch a few walks away from him, he starts to close his eyes feeling like napping for some odd reason.... Maybe it's just cause naturally he's a nocturnal creature and it's just his instincts kicking in that he just does it..
I look at the Yeen with sleepy eyes ready to sleep.
It appears the yeen had just fell asleep already himself..
I instantly fall asleep.
I pad over to dax nuzzling him making happy grunts.
I start licking your face making happy noises.
I keep making happy noises.
He loves the praise jumping up and down even when he stands still he had a bounce in his step.
I nod and lay down trying to sleep again.
rubs my hair as look at kage.
chuckles softly, he walk to couch to sit.
waves to theo.
My pleasant smile slowly melts away into a grimace as I look at the sickly wolf. .
I pad into the room making noises to get anyone's attention.
I tilt my head confused i put my body close to master to give him support he has a worried look.
I nuzzle my master making happy noises.
I look at your bulge and tilt my head at it then look at your head.
I go up and nuzzle Erebus looking at him with friendly looking eyes.
I walk back to master and sit in front of him waiting for orders.
I think for a second pet doesnt really like thinking about stuff thats what master was for he wishes anthro griz was obedient to drake or drakes dom like he is as a feral.
My eyes droop a little but the trigger has been weakened so it doesnt take full affect might have to actually hypnotize him again might have to use something for his eyes to follow so he relaxes enough.
I put my head on your lap amd relax as I start to slowly close my eyes.
My body is going limp my mouth hangs open and I start drooling on your lap on the verge of trance.
I fall completly now my blank drooling face limp in your lap looking really cute when I'm hypnotized maybe even cuter than when I'm feral.
I open my eyes slightly and rub my eyes I kneel on the floor in front of you submissivly.
I look at you in a submissive way I look kind of shy because I never felt like this around anyone.
I start studdering seeing a new side of me kind of resembling a shy child this new side of me is really cute.
I keep on giving excuses on my shyness which seem either repeats of what I said earlier or incomprehensable because of my studdering.
I blush really hard as I look at his bulge.
I blush even more afraid to answer.
I look at master's bulge my cock already comming out of my sheath I'm still afraid to do anything.
I nervously get closer to masters bulge and start licking it.
I slowly take off your underwear and look at your cock blushing more I start licking it nervously.
I start working my tongue on your cock exploring every part of it I then move to your balls licking those then licking your cock again.
I put your cock into my maw milkimg it for all its got and even strokimg your throbbing and pulsing knot.
I start to moan as he fa efucks me just letting master do so.
I pad into the room walking on two legs he seems...different today as I stretch and rub my eyes still trying to wake myself up.
I walk over to dax and give him a hug.
I respond to Dax by giving him affection in any way I can I start by rubbing his shoulders giving him a massage.
i dont really say anything I just continue to rub his shoulders and upper back Dax can feel my big breaths as I get closer to him closing the gap between us.
Twitches his ears to the word boy.
Twitches his ear again to that word, blushing ever so faintly.
raises eyebrow.
should maybe go to bed before anyone steals him away for anything....
I nod as I get up and start walking back to dax massaging his shoulders again drake sees something different in my eyes.
My eyes seem to be a little glazed over but its barely noticable they also seem more relaxed I just continue to rub around dax.
I walk back over to drake I notice that I'm not wearing anything I sit next to my master still nervous* .........W-what would...m-master want his pet wearing today? *I look like a shy child as I look at you blushing.
I nod as I continue blushing acting super shy around you in my anthro state for some reason.
turn into stone.
I listen but not really obey as I'm not under his trance yet.
quietly watches.
I look at Luious distracted from masters voice.
telekinetically turns you around* *disappears.
My body leans on you my head rests on your shoulder and I begin drooling on it in a really wierdly cute way as I fall deep into a trance.
My eyes open put are drooping with  and are glazed over My face looks blsnk as i look at my master .
I nod as I get up and start giving my master a lap dance i rub my ass on your bulge then turn around gyrating my hips near your face I look like I'm enjoying every minutes of it.
Wipes his forehead with multiple times with many different towels, being quite sweaty..
my cock is rock hard as I look at the Yeen smiling seductivly I get closer to him my cock touching his bulge i start moving my hips rubbing my cock on his bulge.
poofs from existance* *casually lay naked and watch the scenery while hiding inside a cloud of darkness.
starts blankly.
I put my put one paw over your mouth* shhh...Dont worry I'll take care if everything * I coo as my other paw grabs on both our cocks and starts stroking both of us off.
I remove my paw from the yeens mouth and pull him into a deep passionate kiss exploring his mouth with my tongue.
while the current couple is having their sweet loving time, the hyena is surrounded by a black smoke and slowly being dragged away.
a portal opens and hyena furry was dragged into it, a demonic hand hold his jaw tightly shut so he cant alert the others.
I try to pull the yeen back in with my strong paws.
hyena disappears from the view and awakens in a shallow sea, except this one is dark and blood red, the sky is hindered and a perpetual eclipse darkens the cosmos* the demon softly spokes yet cannot be seen "a visitor? Perhaps i should get you some drinks, you look rather distraught.
I go to drake and continue my lap dance my cock is rock hard and inches from your face.
conjures a glass of cocktail and slowly sip.
I kneel in front of master and use my mouth to slowly take off his pants  and underwear my musk start filling the room.
the demon giggles.
suddently a few strings come out of the dark water and wraps the hyena, restricting all forms of movement, a final wrap tightens around his jaw* *a portal opens and the helpless hyena was dropped out of the sky directly on top of Drake and Grizon* oh you didnt say how you like to return to earth afterall...enjoy *poof!.
always read the small prints* *hyena was only released because demon didnt want to interupt drake, a fellow demon's fun* *you take care of him now, shame you didnt abuse the restrained situation.
I keep serving my master rubbing his tip on my hingry tailhole ready to ride it.
the demon once again mysterious poofs from existance and leaves an echoing voice.
I go to the Yeen rubbing my hungry tailhole on his cock waiting for permission to ride his cock.
fellow demon dont use ropes or restrains? Must trained his subjects very well.
I continue to wait for permission to ride his cock as I continue to tease the yeen with my tailhole becomming for desperate with every second.
I put your cock in my tailhole and start bouncing on your cock.
Starts panting feverish and tighten my grip in your furry sides, before slowly thrusting upwards in and out of you with a slow approach, feeling quite sore and what not..
I increase my speed of my bouncing and tightening my asshole.
I bounce faster wanting no NEEDING him to cum inside me i moan loudly desperate for my own release.
The striped hyena would start to use his left paw to reach around to stroke and pump Griz's thick bear cock, my own hips start to buck roughly and harshly, even with his lower body giving into it giving nothing but pleasurable humps, it was only a matter of time before feeling himself blasting and flooding Griz's insides with rope after rope of white, viscuous amounts of seed, so much came out that it fired back covering his members and tense balls as he gave a proud howl..
I turn around to face you your cock still in my ass I start kissing you as I moan from you pumping your cock.
Continues to only hasten his jerking to your cock, he returns his own kissing back into you, flexing and pulsing inside of your cream-filled asshole.
I pull out of the kiss roaring out cumming all over both of us my orgasm being hard and long feeling endless.
I go towards the shower to clean myself up.
I start lathering my fur all over my body my movements almost mechanical.
I just start to rub and doused myself in so much soapy and bubbly substances, not wasting anytime in spending time there, just washing every part of me, feeling my fur already smell much cleaner, although still heavily musky..
I rinse myself off never really losing my musk I go to my room and fall asleep.
After about 25 minutes of soaking and washing off the residue from yesterday's filth and whatnot, he returns back into the main hallway to fall asleep on a random sofa..
 wander down from upstairs to find a place to sit and watch Telivision in the main room. I find an empty sofa and flop down on it. I pick up the remote for the old T.V and turn it on. Wearing only black boxers, i lay there flipping through channels..
I walk into the room on all fours I see the lion flipping through channels I sit next to him on the floor I rest my head on his leg my soft fur covering it.
 I flip of the telivision Reaching down to pet your head..
I smile at the lion my head moves closet to your paw thats petting me I start making happy growls and grunts they are hushed because I dont want to disturb Remo.
 I grin and reach down with both paws now and scrach behind both ears..
 I slip on to the floor with you and give you a hug..
 Smiles and waives at drake..
 I contenue to pet the bear..
I continue to make happy noises not really noticing my master's presense I just enjoy the petting by Remo.
 I smile too still petting the large bear,  happy to to do so..
I nibble and tug on your ears playfully my paws scratching down over neck and shoulders..
My happy noises get louder i start nuzzling you.
 I giggle and nuzzle in return still petting and nibbling..
I start panting really heavy and flop down on the ground exposing my hard cock in response to drake.
 I pet the belly and stuff not sure what to do at this point..
 I I grip the bears cock and stroke it soflty..
 I slip back up on to my sofa. I yawn a bit and stretch out on the sofa..
rubs his eyes and sleepily bumps and knocks against walls untill he finds a place to sit.
I return to the room walking straight to my master wanting attention.
I walk up to Svel I smile at him being more friendly to him than in the past I start nuzzling him and making happy grunts and growls.
I look at the Yeen smiling making more happy noises.
I go up to drake grunting at him trying to communicate looking really exited.
I sense something from Svel I start padding over to him and starts pulling on him with my mouth and making a whimperimg noise.
I lead Svel to drake then look at the Yeen's vulnerable position and start panting as he gets horny.
The horny bear goes over to the Yeen panting as he shows his long hard throbbing cock to the yeen.
I waste no time as I penetrate Cut throat's tailhole I start slowly fucking him as I start grunting and moaning.
I'd start to growl and scowl loudly feeling my anal walls stretched, funny enough it was like Griz was the perfect size making him pool and drip all over his lower belly, he starts match bears pace fucking himself slowly against him, while panting and huffing.
I start going harder and faster moaning louder my cock hitting his prostate in an almost perfect way.
The striped hyena starts moaning and groaning feeling his tight ring clench and squeeze the holy hell out of Griz's cock making sure that penetrating meat was massaged along his journey into his passage, you hitting his prostate starts making his ginamous black canine dick bounce and twitch, firing all sorts of pre-ooze all over his belly and stomach soon he felt himself getting close to his peak, which causes the yeen to use his legs to wrap around the bears body locking him there making sure he was gonna finish inside of him,.
i get close so I thrust deep into him three times until my cock explodes into you cum gushing in and out of your tail hole.
I'd feel myself getting so full of your delicious spunk on that last and final thrust in, you'd make him surge and built up finally get some release. Though the Striped hyena did something sneaky before he started to cum right then and there he takes hold of his dick and as a slight pain as it might be he just ups and decides to just, strokes himself off and blast all over Griz's face, chest, and belly drowning him in white, sticky, wet, creamy, viscous amounts of jism just because he thought it'd be funny to do that..
I go to my master soaked with the hyena's cum.
I jump into the pool then shake myself dry then tug at Svel again signifying that I want Svel to be my other pet maybe master can do that thing he does to ne when he want to train me to help teain Svel.
I look happy like a crazy cub needing training as I run around the room.
I get behind Svel and stick my cock in his tight pink tailhole and starts slowly fucking him.
I continue to fuck Svel hard and fast.
I am on the edge of orgasm shooting precum into Svel's tailhole waiting for masters command to cum.
 I yawn and walk down the stairs to see if there was anything to do..
I see Sioux sitting on the couch and I wander over, sitting down next to him..
 I sit sown and smile, * Oh not Much you? * I am waring only a pair of tight black shorts..
 I sit there with you pressing my self up against you as we watch the news. I cant help but looking over at your body, Drinking you in..
 I sit there with you pressing my self up against you as we watch the news. I cant help but looking over at your body, Drinking you in..
glairs at Telegram.
 I turn my head and press my lips against yours kissing you tenderly..
lays down on the bed wearing just my jock and my trail swaying.
she sniffs around in a garden outside and see's a few vegetables but is not interested in them and keeps sniffing around a house looking for food, practically meat. She see's a window on the house that leads to a kitchen, she trys try window noticing it's unlock then opens it fully and scrambles in. She goes to the fridge opening it then starts eating some ham she finds.
I kisses your lips back murring softly at you holding you close in my arms.
 I i purr loudly nibbling your chin and straddling your lap. I look down at my tight black shorts and blush again..
 Waves at and smiles. .
turn his head toward remo.
smiles softly.
 Smiles back..
nods as hug remo gently before turn to bar and take seat.
I pad into the room tired from the action last night bit still full of energy But I deside to rest and sit in the corner of the room chewing on a ball like a cub.
 i go over and sit with you after hugging Ki in return. .
 I lean against you as you chew on you ball, putting my arms behind my head and yawning..
I watch you my eyes have a child like sparkle to them for some reason.
 I cock my head to the side in question and grunt out what words i know in your tongue..
i dont answer but the way my demenor seems more cub-like than My usual tough but still pet-like behavior.
 wonders how long bear memoy lasts.  I reach up scriching behind you ears like i had done the other day, playfully and with a big smile.* You remimber me right ? * I grunt..
 Is starting to wonder if i smell bad....
My happy noises return but once again they sound cub-like.
 The bear has alwase been a bit strange so i shrug and contenue to give him pets and scritches to his liking, not sure if the bear knows who i am or not. With no magical abilitys of my own i had no way of finding out such awnsers ..
 think for a moment longer and say .
My body instinctually moves closer to you as pet and scratch my happy noises getting louder but they are muffled by my ball.
Seeing that you were infact enjoying your self i don't stop. my paws move faster and more vigorusly ofver your head neck and shoulders. My words getting no reaction out of you what so ever. I was a little worried so as i pet and scrach i look for abnormal wounds or scars that were not there the last time..
I flop on my back as I expose my belly.
 i grin rubbing your belly as vigorusly as i was doing your back and shoulders. my paws move back and fourth quickly..
My leg starts twitching like a dogs as Remo gives me belly rubs.
It starts twitching a little more when you call me that just enjoying the belly rubs and sritches.
 I infact notice you leg moving faster and just like one wold do a dog i contenue. * good booy! * My voic gets higher as i contenue to say things of encouragement. .
It twitches as fast as It possibly can my smile getting so big my ball drops and my tongue flops out forming a little puddle of drool near it.
 I laugh and keep goigng untill my arms get tired. Then i stop panting hard and grinning ear to ear..
My leg keeps twitching for a few minutes after still very happy I go up to Remo and start licking his face.
 i laugh more at your licks, falling on my rump as you advance. I lick back a fue times too..
I eventually stop licking and lay down next to you I cuddle up to you curling into a ball like a cub would do I nuzzle Remo.
 I pet and stroke your head softly, holding your large head in my lap as you curl up like a cub..
I softly yawn like a cub.
is still curious as to why you are acting so strangely. I pet and pull you close to me. i stroke your ears like a parent would and i hum softly to you. I pick up your ball up offt he floor and tuck it in next to your head..
My eyes slowly starts drooping my mind not wanting to sleep but my body wanting to as my body relaxes into you.
 I say very softly still petting and stroking your large head..
I eventually drift onto sleep my whole body going limp i smile as I sleep.
I nuzzle into remos lap dax having possibly some knowledge of why Im acting like this currently.
I start moving around in my sleep.
 i humm softly and stroke softly..
I stop moving and go deeper into sleep.
 I smile softly..
I start moving at the noises.
 I pet and stroke again humming again and rocking you a little bit..
I stops for the time being.
 I cup my paws over your ears, to muffle and cut out sound..
I start grunting in my sleep.
 I listen closely, thinking you might be speaking..
The grunts are indeed words.
 I whisper in to your ear in my best "Drake" Voice.* Yes, My pet. You will have it. Do i wipe your memory? * I ask in thoes asme grunts..
My cub mindset fooled by the voice.
 Getting a responce i contenue..
I slowly nod.
 This was getting complacated very quickly and potentially dangorus..
sits up slowly, watching with interest.
I move around a bit more.
 Is not exactly shure what drake would say here. I insteda ignore the question..
I shake my head.
 I grin widely..
 I grin widely..
I wake up hearing my real masters voice I run up to him happily grunting drake sees my cub like demenor.
 in the mean time I do my best to blend in to the carpet..
sit on the stool as read newspaper quietly but he hear few voices near him.
inches away. Grinning stupidly.
I start grunting back to him* "Good master" *I grab my ball from the floor my cub-like eyes looking up at master.
I run out the door the ball lands in the middle of the pool I jump into the pool swimming to grab the ball I get it and return to master dripping wet.
 Kinda sorta just wanders in to the beer cooler to start stocking the beer..
I follow master nuzzling him as we walk together.
I run after it and return with it the cub-like sparkle in my eyes lighting up in exitment.
I look stick my head out from the hallway seeing that the coast is clear I sneak to the kitchen and get some water as I see nobody in the room currently so I just sit on the couch reading a book I carried with me. I smile as I actually enjoy the simple act of reading for once.
I look up at you and shrug.
I go to sleep for the time being until someone shows up.
I look up at Dax my cub-like behavior showing as I run up to him and jump on Dax moving my head over to his to lick his face.
I make happy grunts at Dax then look at Alexei my cub-like mind giving me a newfound shyness around new people I hide behind Dax and nuzzle him for comfort I start grunting quietly at Dax.
My grunts turn into whimpers as I become more nervous trying to hide my gargantuine body behind Dax.
I slowly get out of my hiding place staring at Alexei.
I try to be away from Alexei and approach Jashin seeing a familiar face I nuzzle him and hide behind the counter with him acting like a pet.
My head moves closer to your hand making happy grunting noises.
I blush a little I put my front paws on the bar and poke my head out facing Alexei.
I smile at him my primitive Pet-like mindset just wanting to play and give affection.
I tilt my head looking at the bottles trying to figure out what it is.
I follow Jashin's lead following him whereever he goes.
I open the door to the bar, walking in to see if anyone's around at this hour. It's been a while since I've been to this place so I am interested to see if anyone new is here. .
I smile at the stranger who waved and decide to walk over.
I ask the black cat sitting across the room. .
I stand,and begin to walk around the bar, helping myself to a fridge full of alcohol..
I grab two extra beers then head over to drake, I use my teeth to pop the top off of his beer and hand it to him..
I proceed to walk over to the cat handing him his own beer before pooping the top off of mine, tilting it back to take a few swallows of the cold drink. .
I say as I let out a burp before taking a seat at his table. .
My eyes linger on the cat as he puts the item away. .
I chuckle a bit and take another gulp from my beer..
I give the cat a serious look, before a grin sneak onto my face..
I watch the metallic dildo rolling across the floor. .
I tilt my bottle bag, swallowing the last of my beer before standing up to get another..
I grab two beers before heading back to the table, stopping to pick up something off the floor. .
I say handing his toy to him. .
The hyena lounges on a bar stool, watching with mild interest.
humps your leg.
sniffs everyone's nuts.
looks at the tiger.
looks back at.
keeps padding around the room, invading everyone's balls with my nose.
covers his almonds.
he turns around and blushes lightly as the German shepherd spots the bulging jockstrap right next to him. He then quickly turns around again, blushing and drinking his drink.
the shepherd turns around, his eyes instinctively locked on the bulging jockstrap. He then starts drooling in his drink, not able to say anything but glare..
The door to the bar is pushed open as the large tiger strolls into the room. .
I stroll past everyone and walk up to the bar and take a seat. The bartender walks up to me to ask if I need anything. .
He turns himself around on his chair, having just finished his coffee. The smell of good food fills his nostrils and makes his mouth water, even though he had already eaten... Twice. I look around the bar hopping for someone to give him company. .
the tiger yawns and rolls over, stretching out with a groan.
doesn't have a big into like everyone else, coz he is smol.
got smiled at and turns red all over, digging a hole to hide in.
peeks out from that hole to see the gesture, but he didnt want to distract the Drake from the Husky so he stayed put in his hole.
spots that gesture again once the Drake was on the couch, dipping his head under ground once more. The little droodle burrowing under ground over to the Drake so he could still feel safe, though dirt makes it hard to see so when he pops up again its right under the foot of the Drake.
ears twitch and flick in that land hole, not to be confused with a sky hole or anything else! Just his little sniffer and face noodles clearly visible though be it covered in dirt.
twitched his sniffer lightly as he was pet, tail wriggling about a bit from the attention. Though being he was only in dirt that wriggling eventually caused a collapse in his tunnel, trapping the noodle again* ack! I caused anothr Cave in.. dang it, im stuck now so I can't *he said with a tone filled with embarrassment, this happened to him alot.
lets out a little meep as he was plucked and pulled free from his cave in, covered in dirt as he sat on the ground now* thanks *he also waves at the return of the great and powerful dax.
now looks up at the pair on the couch, dirt free! He then doesnt know what to do or say so just sits there awkward like.
purrs gently under those pets.
puffs up at the word cute, getting quite wriggly and grump.
I pad into the room looking around then sitting in the corner chewing on a ball like I'm teething.
I run over to him and jump on him licking masters face making happy grunts. My face and eyes look more Cub-like and happy.
I can barely contain my exitment as I try to jump on drake making Cub-like whimpers when master pushes me away.
I sit looking at drake with puppy eyes.
I make happy noises again from the praise i try to get up when masters not looking my new Cub mindset from Master's triggers making me have more of an urge to misbehave.
I sit back down whimpering.
I wait for more training from my master I try to resist the urge to move around but I stay amd sit obediently I start whimpering more.
I have a strong urge to play and get the ball I whimper at Master barely able to stay still.
I run and get the ball I sit down chewing on it where I found it not bringing it back.
I look confused not understanding him I walk up to him and sit next tp him chewing on the ball master notices my fur is matted.
I drop the ball on your paw Master sees my fur is getting matted and messy.
I run out and jump into the pool I swim and get the ball I look at Master and grunt at him happily.
I whimper and squirm at the unfamiliar feeling of being washed I start whimpering a little hugging master as comfort.
yawns big and wide.
I nuzzle master whimpering and grunting at him trying to communicate but it cannot be translated as its just cub-like jibberish I look up at him obviously needing something and trying to jump on him to get more if his attention.
I try to grunt out what I'm saying but it comes out as babbling similar to a cub.
I sit on the ground I put a paw in my stomach which is growling.
I eat it happily when I'm done I look at Master my cute cub eyes staring at him I start making happy noises thats when master kind of notises my breath which as a Feral usually doesnt smell very good.
I move my head around not really liking the sensations. This cub obviously needs lots of training.
I drink the water and look at him again.
i stare at him whimpering and grunting again.
I try to make a sign that I want to be trained.
I stay but can barely contain my exitment.
I get the treat and lay on the floor looking at you for approval my face looking nervous but still exited to be trained by my wonderful master.
I grab the treat and lay down again trying to impress master.
I grab the treat and go to master looking at him holding the treat in my mouth.
I stand on my hind paws kind of wobbly and grab the beer and slowly walk to you barely able to keep myself up.
I look at Alexei the collaring breaking me free of the trigger I grunt loudly and start jumping up and down my smile so wide my tongue flops around as I jump.
It sit down becoming more well behaved as my normal mindset returns still grunting loudly they can now be understood by master.
I run around in curcles around ny master my childish mindset and energy returning.
I sit near master looking up at him like a child looks at his parent.
My cock slowly emerges from it's sheath I start quietly panting as he gives my intimate parts attention.
My panting growing harder trying to resist my instincts as best as I can I start thusting my hips forward.
As my cock bumps against his hole that makes me lose it my instincts completly take over my mind and I forcefully begin to fuck him animalistically grunting and moaning with every thrust.
My body leans into my fellow pet's body  still keeping my fast animalistic pace. I start playfully biting his ears Alexei can hear every noise coming from my maw as I bite.
I start moaning loudly as I start shooting precum into Alexei signifying that I'm close to cumming.
He kept fucking him hard then he thrusts into him hard 5 times on the last thrust he shoots what feels like a gallon of cum into Alexei my face is one of pure sexual bliss.
I look scared and ashamed I lay down behind the couch tears going down my face.
I hear those words and start sobbing I cover my face with my paws muffling my cries that statement complety devestating me I was a horrible pet I dont deserve such a perfect master.
I get up and walk away I go into the closet so nobody could see me sobbing could still be heard along with words in feral that could be understood if the person listening was right next to the door.
I get out and walk over to master unable to contain his sadness I sit in front of master still crying a little.
I feel a little better I but still have tears running down my face I start grunting.
I nod at master I try to hide I Cub-like yawn my demenor seems even more childlike and submissive since the punishment.
I lay down next to your leg covering it with my super soft fur I nuzzle you for security and comfort as I dift off to sleep having wonderful dreams about playing with master and Master's other pets I smile and nuzzle master more in my sleep lazily but happily grunting I start curling into a ball as I drift deeper into sleep.
i stretch my arms out above my head, a loud yawn escapes my mouth as I awake from my nap on the couch. I blink my eyes a few times allowing them to adjust to the light of the room before taking a look around the room. I force myself up and sit upright against the couch. The tiger flexes his hands, forcing blood through my veins. The tingling of my hands being asleep starts to fade away..
The growl of my belly interrupts my thoughts, food becoming my only concern. I stand to my feet and scratch my own head as I begin to walk over towards the kitchen to find something to nom on..
i walk back out the kitchen with a plate, a stack of pizza towering ontop. I take a seat at an empty table and being to eat, devouring half a slice with each bite. I look around a bit, saddened that the bar is so empty tonight. I guess I am the only one without a life to attend to....
I say audibly as I continue eating. .
someone hears the sounds of distressed Bear Cub in the room also loud padding can be heard pacing around the building.
walks into bar the yellow furred dragon slams his head on a table..
The source of the noises and padding can be seen: A large feral bear he sees the Furred Dragon and sits down on the floor near him making the same distressed cub noises along with whimpering .
I make scared and distressed grunts and other noises trying to explain to her that master was gone and that seemed to scare him for some reason I nuzzle Chip for comfort like a little cub.
looks at the wolf..
rubs his own head..
sits next too and nuzzles kage..
hides in a cardboard box.
pets kage with a smile on him..
I smell the cardboard box and move it to reveal Shepry I start making sad distressed grunts at him.
closes the cardboard box from the inside and hides again.
tilts head at them and scratches chin..
I claw at the opening making a hole big enough for my muzzle I put my muzzle in making the same noises as earlier.
curls up in a big, tight circle to hide from the bear.
I realise he doesnt want to be near me so I go to a corner of the room and cover my eyes and muzzle with my paws and make sad noises Masters gone and has nobody to comfort him.
shoves my cardboard box next to the big bear and nuzzles him happily.
I uncover my face and look at Shepry I smile a little and nuzzle him back.
jumps on the bear's leg, curls up and murrs happily.
I begin to relax a little. A Cub-like yawn escapes my maw I cover my muzzle to hide it.
carefully climbs up the bear's shoulder and jumps on his head.
I start relaxing more making sleepy but happy grunts my eyes drifting closed but shoot open again trying to resist sleep.
murrs happily and slowly closes my eyes, lifting my chin and making cute bark noises.
pushes my head in her neck, my ears perking and folding while smiling and enjoying the petting and cuddling.
I grunt happily at Chip I have a wide grin on my face as she pets me.
my tail wags quickly around, nearly hitting the big bear in the face as I start licking all over her face.
I make louder grunts I eventually Roll on my back exposing my belly.
falls off the bear's shoulder due to his moving and drops on the floor with a rather loud thump.
My smile grows wider my tongue flops out of my mouth as you rub my belly My leg even starts twitchimg like a happy puppy.
quickly jumps on her back and crawls all the way up to her head and plays with her head fur.
jumps off chip's head and runs to kage. I then run around his legs, barking happily with a smile on my face.
rolls out my tongue, dripping saliva and starts jumping against his leg.
My leg twitches faster my grunts are getting louder i move my head to your cheek and start licking your face.
wiggles and twitches in your paws as I lick your face happily with my wet canine tongue and bark loudly.
I continue to lick her face making happy noise as Chip pets me my head flops back on the ground my collar jingling with the flop.
licks your face one more time as I then notice kage to let me down again.
i said while starting to lick your face again and wiggle in your paws.
i barked while jumping at your leg with my tail wagging quickly and thumping on the ground.
When Chip boops mey nose I make childish laughs reacting like a happy little cub would.
stops it and moves over to chip with a rather sad face, scratching at her leg with one of my paws and barking.
jumps back over to kage and barks out loudly.
murrs happily and pushes myself into your chest.
I nod my collar jingling with my head movements My maw opens to yawn but I cover it with my paw.
I dont bother covering up the next cub like yawn my eyes start to droop a little.
hides under a couch and watches people.
shoots a spazer beam at the couch while cackling.
crawls under the bar and hides there.
stares dumbfounded at the couch while tearing up, sniffling while looking down.
peeks over the bar and watches.
peeks out of the bar and looks directly in Dante's face.
my ears perk and fold to the side while barking.
My ears perk up with the mention of a mechanic. .
I reply, scratching my chin as I think for a minute. .
volunteers again.
I drift off into sleep and cuddle Chip after a few minutes I start curling into a ball around her covering her with my warmth and soft fur.
Squishes the small koda cause he misses them.
sticks my head around the stairs, glaring at, you while perking my ears.
I stare in surprise at the stranger. This was the first time Gantz had seen a human around these parts. He smirked at the sight of him revealing his conditioned stomach to the female. I grab my beer or the table and tilt it back between my lips, taking a few gulped before setting it back down. .
derps around in the lobby and barks.
look at stranger who barks.
I run up to dax I end up tackle him and lick his face while in the ground I look at him on the ground My face has a very Cub-like look for some reason I nuzzle him geunting happily.
I make more happy noises and flop down on the floor next to you.
gives attention.
i slowly wake up and walk over to Woz.
 The striped hyena remarked and indeed after assisting her he places his left arm around her right arm and started walking with great posture, It was quite a surprise to see the striped hyena was dressing in the way that he did, having a casual yet classy look to him as they make their way to his car, he opened the door for her and let her in politely even closing it back. After doing that he gets to his side opening the door and closing it, immediately putting on his seatbelt and putting his key in and turns it making the engine roar beautifully. Now they'd be cruise smoothly..
sneaks around the corner and watches everything and everyone.
sitting on a stool herself not but a seat away from @Daxieks .
I walk into the room yawning I flop on the floor tired. I sigh and I get my ball which I could get with my paw. I grab it and put it in my mouth gnawing on it.
I pad over to the yeen laying in front of him I seem more....Cub-like....this is evident by me bringing my paw to my mouth. I put it in and start sucking on it making happy noises that only a cub would make but deeper on account of the adult bears deep voice.
I look up at the Yeen my eyes have a cub-like sparkle to them now I smile a little and touch snouts after you nuzzle mine.
I'd start to look back at the bear with my own yellow piercing eyes before feeling them gleam and shine.... But oh fuck he feels that paternal postnatal depression settling remembering his.... No no no it's okay Cut-Throat just relax.... To Griz you've never seen the hyena look so fearful or depressed sweating and panting deeply..
my face turns into a frown I start whimpering and making sad noises I start to close the gap in between us I keep sucking on my paw for comfort.
He sees this cub isn't his.... He shouldn't do it too himself.... Not again....  Not now not ever.... Although panicking although when Griz moved on over shifting that massive body weight he just closes his eyes and hugs Griz in a fatherly manner..
I feel the hug and calm down. I keep sucking on my paw as my cub mindset tells me that everything is fine nothing scary or dangerous is happening right now.
Cut-throat mane extended out from being stressed and all sorts of confused but didn't dare let Griz see it, hugging even tighter pulling him into his soft Chest fluff, he holds back from tearing up remembering all the methods he used to get cope with it..
My head is at your chest I put my front legs on the couch then extend them and put you into a hug my back legs slipping and I simply lie down in that akward position I start          semi-grunting  and other little happy cub noises.
I start to scratch at my neck with one free paw and start whimpering to what I assume is some sort if caretaker he seems to act like that I look at the Yeen one front leg around him the other scratching at my collar wanting it off I whimper making puppy eyes.
I keep clawing at my collar and whimpering at the 'caretaker' or thats how I see him right now.
Was too busy dealing with his own internal struggles before seeing you do that... Now he just a finds a way to take the collar off Griz and nuzzles into them to keep warm he suddenly felt cold..
Walks into the bar and sits down at a stool and places an order for rum and coke.
Sees Chip enter back into the mansion before curling his lips and give a hysteral laugh at them..
I go up to dax and rub my soft fur on him.
I try jumping on you to lick your face.
I return the favor.
I shake my head and look confused.
I look really confused having no memory of my time as one.
gets my binoculars ready.
she gave him a soft smile, taking the wine out of his hand and sipping on it" Mmm that is a good year see I knew something was interesting about you as to why I came over here I have no clue so why don't you prove you know how to have a good chat I would hate to be wrong, I mean so many people here are going at it what's a girl supposed to do .
she tilted her head at him for a second before giving a little pout*"there might be some things to do, but you seem to be the most interesting in this room the fact I am here still talking seems to be a fact of that, wouldn't you say" the small Fennec picks up a hand full of grapes and bites down on one before turning to the werewolf and holding it  to his lips* I already enjoy your company and I believe there is lots to learn so why don't we get some more wine and sit down have a nice chat hmm" *the grape still in her hand the Fennec wondering if the werewolf will take it .
a small blush coated her face looking down at her fiddling fingers for a second, feeling oddly safe and comfortable next such a dangerous creature maybe it was because of the excellent self control he had, she offers a little shrug to this thought" well I sort of thought this was going to be a grand ball with dancing and feasts that would be talked about in history books I guess I was a bit wrong but hey I get some nice company to share my disappointment with .
 a Blue femboi panther with long white hair wearing a see though white nightie, red panties, red bra with red stockings and white heels walks into the room sitting down on a nearby couch.
I use my tail* n-no... >\\< *giggles and sways with tail.
 wagging my tail.
rubs my neck.
 pats the seat next to me.
blushes* okie dokie *the vixen sit down beside her rolling,  her thumbs.
 moves my hand to your face wiping away a bit of stray blood.
 places my hand on your knee.
she blushes and lays ears back.
 i smile holding your hand.
eyes are fully  open and she gives her a warm smiles.
 i smile squeezing your hand.
smirks and blsuesh.
I smiles at zeema and sways my tail happily.
smiles warmly and welcoming at scaith.
 moves my free hand to yours holding yours.
the vixen giggles.
giggles and smiles at him.
the vixen giggles and smirks.
i smile kissing Scaith's cheek.
cheeks burning red.
wiggles ears and tries to understand anything scaiths says.
giggles and snuggles into the two cuties.
aiko giggles and lays down looking at them.
gets snuggled a blushes hardly.
Grins playfully.
I walk in the room stumbling and holding a bottle of fireball I'm obviously drunk off my ass my face is one of regret I sit at the bar drinking more I slur my words when I talk.
I throw the bottle away from everyone breaking it on the wall.
I keep stumbling around close to just falling forward.
I turn around quickly my collar jinglng with the slight head turn the light reflecting off if it as I am about to plot against my master something in my brain clicks my eyes glaze and my muscular body relaxes I talk in a relaxed monotone.
My eyes look off once I say that they are in a blank mindless stare acting like im under some sort of mind control.
I shake my head amd remembered what I said.
I look at Chip hardly able to stand up.
watches everyone, purring softly.
I get close to falling forward.
I sit on the couch once I'm closer to the couch a piece of paper can be seen it's from a notebook from a major security firm that I work with.
I look at the paper reading the very first word makes me gasp but that all ends as the world fades away  my entire body relaxes and my head slumps forward .
My body relaxes more into whover is holding me right now which at this time: is nobody. I begin to fall forward a little falling into a relaxed state.
I lay on the couch sighing as I relax more.
My face and body look completly limp and blissful my mouth is even hung open drooling a little.
I have a cute goofy smile as Jashin pets my belly.
My eyes flutter a little but stay closed as thats not a installed trigger but you could install more triggers while im under amd command me to wake up.
she smiles and skips over to chip, tilting her head"um I don't mean to ask questions and all but that bear does not seem right ,do you need a hand or something.
I wait for commands.
Callie looks at the bear, not sure what to do she just randomly blurts out " so basically on that paper was a trigger word that was placed there when he was previously hypnotised ?"* giving s little face at this she places her Hand on Chip's shoulder .
I wait on commands by anyone.
the vixen runs downstairs and sways her tail, still only wearing a nightie and her collar.
I sit on the couch snoring loudly my body strung out as it streches in its sleeping state.
With a grin on his face Fire grabs a bucket of popcorn, the popped kernels spiced with cheddar makes the bird shudder in joy.
walks into the forest.
Observing the two chattering amongst themselves, the wolf sighs and rolls his eyes..
blinking in surprise the canine watched, sighing as the drink sat there before he wondered what those two were up to..
I reply, eyeing the newcomer. .
gives you a big ole kitty hug anyways.
Gives a smelly skunk hug.
I pad into the room and lay on the couch completly covering all open space with my huge muscular body.
I look at you my big belly exposed the only part of my body covered is my sensitive areas but only covered by a jock strap.
I show no emotion in my face but my voice sounds happy.
I walk into the room, stopping dead in my tracks as my eyes widen in belwilderment as before me appears a ridiculously muscular bear in a jock strap..
I look at brisket and raise a paw as a greeting.
Brisket nervously waves his paw in greeting to the huge bear. He blushes deeply..
I look at Brisket.
The short, stocky skunk struggled to find words to comprehend what he walked in on. He was embarrassed for sure, but strangely he found the compromising position to be sexually attractive..
The skunk laid on the arm of the couch, trying to ignore the growing bulge in his own jeans.
He takes off his shirt, revealing his prominent blue abs..
I look at Brisket's abs not really guessing he would be that way I continue to look without it actually being obvious.
The little doggy says "H...h..hey" at nearly the same time as @kage396 sitting next to him.
I automatically go over to chip and hug her I start blushing noticing how goofy I must look.
jumps and continues drinking her water with a little umbrella.
Absentmindedly, Brisket goes over to the bar for a drink, forgetting his grey shirt draped over the couch. He hunches over slightly, the scars on his arms presenting themselves without his knowing. He doesn't speak a word for fear of doing something stupid..
I enjoy the scratches.
she pats his chest playfully.
I smile a little.
The yeen laughs and shrugs a little, hiding her blush with a hug.
I hug you back and lay down my eyes look sleepy.
tilts her head as she sits beside Grizz, just gently patting the big fur.
I fall asleep for a few minutes but wake up.
raises her brow slowly as she continues to pat pat Grizz.
I begin to nod off at the bar counter, my head in my paws. Just as I begin to fall asleep, a quiet but strong, pungent gas erupts from my tailhole without my knowing. I wake up, groggily smelling the odor which I had unwillingly released into the air of the tavern..
Embarassed, the skunk ran to the bathroom and into the first stall. He dropped his pants, leaving him naked as he sat on the latrine. Moments passed before he heard someone enter the bathroom with him. He could see the feet stop in front of his stall. A hand reached down and into the stall, grabbing his pants and running out with them before he could react.* "I saw that you son of a bitch!" *He ran after the thief, out of the bathroom. In the heat of the moment, he came to realization that he stood before the bar buck naked, his blue package dangling between his thighs..
The skunk musters up what dignity he has left and walks over to the couch where he left his shirt. He loathed that 15 foot walk of shame to the couch. Putting on his shirt, he trudged back to the bar, behind the counter and took a mason jar of apple cinnamon moonshine and drank what pride he had left. Looking down to the floor in shame his flaccid cock bounced when he sat down embarrassingly..
Brisket saws on the fiddle in the corner, playing Janis Joplin's 'Me And Bobby McGee'.
suddenly appearing out of nowhere next to chip she leans over and whispers "hey Chip"her hands reach around the hyena to go her a soft hug, completely forgetting she just appeared out of nowhere .
Brisket strolls into the front of the bar, clad in a pair of faded Levi's and a black flannel shirt. He sat down at the bar next to another seemingly very drunk feline, staring at his phone. He shot him an amused look..
He stared over at the Kobold with curiosity. Brisket had never seen anything like him before..
I pad into the room my eyes and body language makes obvious I had trouble sleeping because I look very tired today.
He steals a whole plate of bacon and runs to the other side of the room.
look at grizz and waves.
I look at Kai.
hugs grizz back.
I kiss you on your forehead.
I sleep in the middle of the room snoring loudly.
watches the sleepy burr.
I start tossing and turning because of a bad dream.
scootches over and puts a paw on the bear to comfort them.
My body moves closer to the paw.
purrs softly and rubs the bears back gently.
my muscles start relaxing again my breathing slows again.
Those muscles go limp as you rub them. I start snoring again and drool starts going out of my mouth and forming a little puddle on the floor.
I smile in my sleep.
I start grooming dax in my sleep.
I rub your head with my paw.
I wake up looking at you then hugging you tighter and licking your face.
I grunt happily and lick your face more.
I tilt my head confused at Master he smells like master but he doesnt look like him I grunt out.
I sit in front of master still confused.
Snaps his fingers to where only Griz head it probably the loudest it was due to it being right neck to his ears when that clicking sound would probaby "do" something.
I hear the snap from Rhys my eyes glaze over* ...Yes master... *I grind my cock on drakes.
I continue to desperatly grind on drake.
I look to drake I stroke my cock.
I quietly moan.
I moan loudly humping the air out of instinct and in horny desperation.
My cock starts to twitch and throb getting so close to cumming.
I rock my hips as hard as I can into drakes cock.
I do exactly that I cum out literally everything I have cumming for about 2 minutes until I stop and come to my senses.
the little vixen purred out, her scent rolling off in thick heavy waves.
Im in mindless bliss as I am filled with masters cum.
the vixen gave off a soft moan feeling the teeth softly bounce off of her neck, wrapping her arms around both her head turns .
I shower and walk in with LMB issued athletic shorts.
I pad into the room and lay on the couch and turn on the tv.
Bear sprawls on his back showing off his round fuzzy belly, heavy balls and fat sheath.
I look at the fellow burr.
I try to relax on the couch some more.
bear rolls onto his side.
I roll on the floor next to the burr and snuggles you.
I snuggle the burr.
Bear snuggles Bear in a spooning orientation.
I pull you in tighter and touch my snout with yours.
nose bumps the fellow bear.
I smile at you and happily sigh.
hugs the bear with his hind legs, smooshing bellies together.
I blush a little.
wiggles his stubby tail.
noodles about with his plump rump swaying.
sits on a nearby couch, the Blue panther getting comfortable as i watch wearing a red blouse, black pencil skirt, red panties bra and black stockings with red high heel peeptoes .
A third bear pads into the room exept he is a male he starts looking around looking at the pair of bears. He just shugs and flops on the floor making a loud thud.
Jazzy has his hoodie on with the hood up covering the small cheetah boys upper face, and not much else. He lays curled up happily on his favourite velvet couch in the lounge, small feline paws stretching and batting at the air intermittently, purring, apparently at no one in particular.
smiles sitting beside you and strokes your head.
twitters his ears under his hood, feeling the warm soothing strokes. A small pleasant sigh escapes his lips as he curls his paws in close to his chest and purrs ever more warmly.
the small feline is so light that you pull him up with no effort, and certainly no protest. Soft giggles slip past his muzzle, paws splaying as you rub against them, pink pads smooth to the touch.
smiles playing with them.
giggles shyly, the tips of his claws gently scraping gingerly against yours.
smiles softly.
warm brown eyes peak up from under the hood, a small shy smile visible on the feline's face.
he reaches up with a gentle paw and gently prods at your chin.
i smile a blue panther Femboi wearing a black pencil skirt, red blouse, black stockings, black garterbelt, black bra and panties with red peeptoes.
purrrs warmly, gently pressing his paws back against yours as he wiggles his head out from his hood, exposing his long white hair as he giggles playfully.
smiles rubbing your tummy softly as i play with your ears.
sighs and you feel the rumbling sensation of my purr along your paws as your rub my tummy, closing eyes as my ears twitter softly as you rub them, pushing and nuzzling my head into your paw.
 i giggle continuing he tummy rubs.
sighs and moans softly under his breath, purrs intensifying as my tail flicks too and fro, legs raising a bit as my footpaws curl and splay intermittently.
nuzzles into your own tummy, licking over the fur.
sensually sucks on his thickshake, gulping down the thick substance inside.
comes into the bar from the front doors. tired. Sweaty. Musky. I sit on the couch before I head to the showers. Trying to take off my sweaty socks and shin guards.
comes walking in as a chubby fox and sits on the couch watching the action.
says to myself.
strips my chubby belly jiggling as I walk over and put my cock in the skunks mouth .
DOOT* I understand you, *DOOT* are really enjoying yours--*DOOT* but could you please, *DOOT* stop with the *DOOT.
I stare at Elan remembering my new status over him.
Acting shy still with my hood up .
I look at master and slowly get up knowing I must help master I calmly walk over to Svel then put him on the ground and lay on him my legs holding his arms and my arms holding your legs to make Svel present his ass to Drake. My iron grip not letting up on him.
I glare at you.
I start panting as my cock gets harder by master's touch.
I glare at him again and snap my jaws in his direction I put my paw on Svel's head and push it into the floor and use the other paw to close his muzzle my face is of pure anger as I stare into his eyes* YOU BETTER LEARN RESPECT BETA PET. MASTER'S TOLERANCE FOR RESISTANCE AND DISOBEDIENCE DISAPATES FAST!! *I pull out my cock and open up Svel's muzzle and force it in.
I hump Svels mouth in a very rough fashion I talk to him a little more gental but still dominate.
I kneel in front of you.
I grunt out in pain a little but stops as I slip out of consiousness and fall over still breathing I slowly awaken a few minutes later and look at master in all his glory.
I feel hungry right now I look towards Drake.
I search for pets but cant find any* Pet cant find pets master.
I kneel and hug your leg.
I pad out the back door and go to Chip I sit near her and grunt happily at her.
I look at the water nervous about getting in without permission.
 smiles laying on my towel .
 i smile teasing you.
moving my towel next to yours.
  i get comfatable on the towel resting as the warm sun feels great on me i shut my eyes as i slowly sleep.
I pad over to master and happily grunt at him as usual. Nothing really mattered right now as I had to see master. Masters the center of my universe. He gives me purpose. And i'm grateful as I show to him everyday with my devotion and obedience.
A wave of happiness hits me as he calls me a good boy. Once he asks me where my ball is I automatically go and find my ball which was a gift from my kind gracious master I grunt happily the entire time I'm near master or feel his presence. I always do.
Another automatic response hits as I see the ball fly outside. I sprint outside running after the ball master threw. I had to have it I must give master the ball back as thats what good boys do. I find the ball and grab it with my mouth and run back inside and sit in front of master with the ball in my mouth panting and happily grunting between loud pants.
 i walk into the bar wearing only a red short dress, black stockings and red high heels, black panties and a padded black bra and sit down in one of the booths.
i smile softly.
the blue panther shifts in the booth.
 waves at the stranger.
 waves at Dax.
 waves at the strange Feline .
 i say giggling as the two stare at each other.
 i wag my tail as i lean aganist Drake.
 i smile as i wrap my tail around Drake's waist laying on the Much taller cutie.
the big chubby foxy walks in and sits on the couch with my hood up acting shy.
blushes with my hood up still acting shy .
Still acting shy as I shake a little my hands sweat and shake I blush really red across My face.
gets up from the couch and sits at the bar ordering some whisky and coke as I sip it and look at master drake I say something softly in his ear * master time to wake up* I say already drunk .
I stop shaking as master puts his hand on my shoulder as I'm alread drunk as fuck. But I still have my hood up.
Murrs happily blushing a deep red from being drunk and masters scritches.
the foxy say as I run my paw down drakes chest and to his crotch kissing the spot then licking it too apparently the fox was horny and drunk and is probably gonna forget this when the hangover hits.
Leads u too a room upstairs as we get in I get on my knees and put my paws in a begging position just begging for your meat.
I crawl over then I start by licking up and down your  shaft I then move to your balls And put them in My mouth suckling on then getting a taste of your musky cock I then take a giant inhale of ur scent it pushes me to keep going as I start to then suckle on the pink tip and put it into .y mouth acting like a major slut as u here loud slurping sounds.
 comes up behind you for a hug.
 smiles nuzzling.
 my eyes widen sparkling clearly excited.
 dashes  and grabs some clothes .
 smiles hugging you tightly.
 i smile kissing your cheek.
hugs you tightly.
I pad into the room and look around the room I dont really feel like doing very much so I lay on the couch with a deoressed look on my face.
I look up at my master my face smiling slightly I murmur something to shy to say it.
I look down to the floor even scratching begind his ears cant fix the sadness masters words kind of help as I might just need sleep or something else.
What he does relaxes me but I still do not sleep.
I get so close to sleep.
Walks ln as my chubby foxy self as I sit at the bar and order a drink and get drunk again I look very vulnerable .
giving a small nod the Dragon rests his elbows against the bar and soon rests his heads on his hands.
Wow someone actually ordered his drink the drink he perfected and makes it his special if people asked him, hell he was gonna spoil this Dragon..
the lonely cherokee wolf gets up from his bed and walks to the kitchen. He goes to the fridge, gets a snack, eats it, goes back to his room and falls back asleep.
I relax a little in response to your purring* My master died yesterday. I donno what to think anymore. He was my world, my everything. *A lone tear goes down my face.
I hug Dax crying into his shoulder my weight pulling you down.
I continue to cry I bury my head into dax's body embarrased by my vulnerability. I put my arms around dax and cry a little more still embarrassed and ashamed.
I let go of you to cry somewhere else I lay on the couch amd sob into the couch cushions my emotions are very mixed up at this point. Sad Bear.
as the Cherokee Wolf woke up from the commotion, he gets a bit grumpy and stands up on his bed. He puts on a pair a shorts, walks downstairs to the kitchen and rubs his eyes slowly.
I pad into the room and lay down on the floor. I would grunt as my body flops on the ground. And begin to drift off into sleep like someone would to pass the time. He seemed like he was waiting for someone as he tried going to sleep but was unable to.
from*, anyway?  Lamos family?  I think I deserve some answers, given all of the information you just took from me."  He bluffed, looking at his own curled fingers.  He had no idea what all the feline had gleaned out of the kiss, but this was *almost.
I get up and pad over to the feral Cheetah happily gruning at her.
sniffs everyone's balls.
gets sniffed through his jeans.
sniffs balls anyway* :3 *even through jeaaaaans.
starts forming a bulge in said jeans as your snout presses against them.
the tiger rumbles, nuzzling the bulge gently, looking over at Svel as well, perking his ears.
blushes more as the bulge starts to throb from the continued nuzzles.
grabs the tiger's head before he can turn away.
the tiger squeaks softly as his head was grabbed after hungrily looking at Svel, nodding at him, flattening his ears a bit as he looks up at knuxton.
lets go of the tiger, allowing him to pull away from his jeans bulge if he wanted to, but also petting him a few times after.
the tiger would continue staring at the jeans bulge before looking back over at Svel... the tiger didn't seem like he was biased towards either one, purring lightly at the petting he received from knuxton.
smirks and still has that throbbing bulge in my jeans.
the tiger sniffs at the air curiously, nuzzling lightly into the jeans bulge, the tiger confused as to what's going on....
rumbles softly in delight as you start to pull down my pants, exposing my throbbing shaft with its already-moist tip, and my plump balls, leaving me completely nude as I usually don't wear a shirt..
the tiger gasps as the dragon's pants were undone right in front of his eyes, gulping a bit as they dripped only to expose that throbbing cock and perfect looking balls. He leaned forward and gently slid his snout beneath the dragon's sweaty nuts and Just inhaled like he would normally...
shudders softly as that soft furred snout tucked underneath my balls, followed by the rush of air from his sniffing, which felt good. I closed my eyes slowly and leaned back, sprawling out a bit to give easier access.
the tiger just continued to sniff as deeply as he could, rubbing his snout around underneath them, feeling that wet, almost slightly slimy or sticky feeling against his nose from the sweat, looking up at the dragon submissively.
a bit of precum drips from the dragon's cock and onto the top of the tiger's head as he continues to nuzzle under his heavy ballsack.
the tiger seemed absolutely content in sniffing the dragon's nuts, kissing at them firmly, periodically giving them a wet lick.
the dragon let out a pleasured gasp as his cock was licked, making it throb even harder and leak even more pre for them to taste and smell.* Mmnff.. this is nice.. *he pets both of their heads now as they continue to pleasure all of his sensitive package.
I go to investigate and I see Tesla doing his thing. So I sit down somewhere and spread my legs my naked body releasing musk into the air.
the tiger slowly pulls his head back, licking over his slightly sweaty snout as the dragon's nuts slid off his snout, panting and looks back at Svel, sniffing curiously at him.
 walks over to the bear dressed in my white nightie and white heels going in for w hug.
I hug back my musk very strong.
I wrap my arms around Zeema.
 i smile giving you a eskimo kiss.
I kiss you on your cheek my musk beginning to have a certain hypnotic effect on anyone that smells it.
the tiger pants heavily as he rubs his snout firmly into Svel's nuts, feeling those hot, sweaty orbs sliding over my snout wetly.
relaxes as I watch the hot sexual chaos.
I pad into the room as a feral I look at the Cheetah and grunt happily at her. Then I grab my ball from the floor and walk of to the edge of the bar ro chew on it.
I look up at the Cheetah and grunt happily muffled by the ball I'm chewing in my mouth I seem to be really attached to that ball.
I seem to not really trust in her yet so I keep on chewing. As this ball was important to me.
He starts to relax as she pets and kneads my fur my breathing slows and my face looks more relaxed.
he relaxes more his mouth hangs open and the ball falls out of it a little drool escapes. My whole body is relaxed.
i shake my head and quickly snatch the ball from the Cheetah I start making angry grunts.
I start to grunt with an apologetic tone muffled by my ball.
I start to relax I flip my body over exposing my belly and my old tattered collar.
walks in and sits quietly in the corner.
gets up and walks over to the bar and orders a drink.
looks around, chuckling to myself as i survey those around me.
throwing back the last of my drink i walk over to the couch near the fire and sit down.
warming my sore cold paws by the fire. I observe the others around me.
I pad into the lobby holding my ball in my mouth. I see Svel, the only familiar face not busy with something. I rush over to him and sit near him and grunt happily at him and moving and fidgeting where I sit unable to contain his exitement.
I run back to Svel with the ball in my mouth. My eyes look tired, and my movements seen lazier..
 hears the news of a beach day quickly packing my bags and showing up on the door of Svel's Room wearing a yellow sundress and yellow high heels.
I follow Svel closely like a dog following his master. I step through the portal looking at the sudden change of surroundings he grunts kind if scared at the sudden change. I run towards Selene grunting in a worried tone.
I run up to Selene grunting in a worried tone from the sudden change of surroundings. I start to get closer to Selene for comfort as I remember how friendly she was when she was petting me last night I nuzzle her still grunting in a worried tone.
I relax and sit down with Selene wanting more pets from her soft paws I start to grunt happily.
I lay down next to Selene as I bask in the sunlight my body relaxing in the warmth of the sun holding my favorite ball in my mouth chewing on it making me relax even more.
the fox wonders through the woods. The woods is dark and scary. The cool breeze and warm as ghost hollowed winds keep my comfort with me. Wearing a purple hooded leathered robe. Eventually finding a campsite where once was made by the same fox. The fire still goes on as the fox sits on the log and stares into the flames. Wondering what he's looking for to feel healed. .
wondering further in my mind as I remember how all the memories scarred me. Myself lost in the fire as I feel myself fade. Flashbacks gets stronger as the temptation grows worse. Putting my paw near the flames, just edging the dangerous rush..
One flashback brings my parents wanting me to die in my hospital bed. Another brings my town friends trying to hurt me. Another of the mother's death that left the family falling apart. Myself left torn apart. Another flashback involving people lying about me. All the memories connects the dots that I'm just existing to be taken advantage of. Part of me reaches into the fire more as the tempting heart beats, beats harder and harder..
Engages in vanilla RP with Ember.
rubs vanilla oil into my boobfluff.
 pets the white bear.
 enjoys just petting the cute bear .
 kneels down draping an arm over the two bears.
 opening my arms  sitting on the floor at face level .
Leaps from the fridge and in a green costume and smiles wildly by saying.* I'm gay!.
puts on reading glasses despite having no eyes and reads through the rules carefully.
chuckles and waves.
low key motions himself inward to the area, taking in the scene as he adjusted his freshly pressed trench coat* Hello....*he spoke turning his gaze to the one that spoke his name.
Flops on floor bored laying on the ground thinking..
Dragon looks at him and waves at..
raises brow at still on the floor..
He nods understanding like..
Raises brow again..
Ponders and stands up stretching out some.* "Ok, I'll be your practice dummy then." *He limbers up more from laying on the floor..
Shrugs and chuckles..
walks in the room and looks around.
walks across the room towards the red vulpine and says shyly..
perks his ears as well as he shyly sways his tail..
looks over towards Tybalt and walks towards him as he wags his tail slowly..
i head back inside after vacationing and i take one big sniff.
i head to my room and i put my backpack away, then heading back downstairs.
trots in with her tail wagging under her simple sundress.
lays on floor bored..
Points up at the title, especially at the end of it and then coughs.
 Walks down the stairs and in to the living room looking around to see if there was anyone to talk to or fool around with..
Wearing only undies, I smile and walk over to you laying on the floor next to the couch..
yawns as his eyes open slowly and he not notice remo sit on the floor then rubs my left eye.
 I peek up over the seat if the couch watching you rub your eyes.* Hi. * I say cutely..
shake his head.
 Nods and smiles crawling up on to the couch with you laying with you .* Good * Giggles..
 Gropes Kai a little to see if he is still there..
chuckles softly and hold remo gently.
 Purrs and nuzzles in to you there on the couch. I smile and purr enjoying the snuggles..
 I wave at Cody..
nuzzle remo's cheek gently and rubs back gently.
 I purr soflty, licking and nibbling your neck softly, my paws rub your chest, my thumbs finding your nipples..
i smiles softly and lick remo's nose gently while rubs your side with my paw and tip of claws.
 Blushes and kisses you softly as you lick my nose, I giggle slipping my paw down the front of your shorts..
giggles softly and look at remo, he rubs lower of your back.
 I blush and bite my lower lip looking back at you as i roll your balls arond in my paw, tugging on them softly..
perk his ears up as i feel your paws hold my balls.
 I giggle and nod, my paw stroking your sheath.  I lick and nibble youe chin my other pulling down the front of my undies to show you my already mostly hard cock..
smiles slyly and look at remo then squeeze remo's butt.
 I moan a little as you squeeze my ass.* Mmh thats all yours. * Giggles..
I kiss remo gently and wag tail.
 I give you cock a squeeze  and i kiss you back..
i moans lightly and nod gently.
 I scoot down moving my head down inbetween your legs,. I tug your shorts down and let your cock spring free. I purr, looking up at you. I give that cock a long lick..
I pull my shorts down little more and look down at you while rubs remo's hair.
 I smile and grin as i engulph your cock with my muzzle all at once. I murr stuffing you down my throat. I beging to lick snd slurp, bobbing my hesd on you..
i smiles softly and he hold your head to make him go thrust in lion's mouth gently.
 I whimpre a little as you hold my head down and hump up in to my face. I moan and muur having gotten what i wanted. I suck and lick as my head is held down..
I smiles as hump lion's mouth little faster and his free paw touch lion's hard cock.
 I moan loudly when you touch me and push my muzzle down in to your crotch fur. My cock leaks on to your paw..
I see Dax and run at him I end up tackling him and licking his face making loud but happy grunts and huffs.
he grins as show his fangs litle bit while he continues to thrusting lion's mouth.
I get off of Dax and sit down in front of him my front paws jumping off the ground. Up and down barely able to contain my exitememt.
 My muzzle down in your crotch and my rear held high, i moan in plesure. I reach down between my own legs pawing my self off while i give you head, you can tell i love it and i eagerly please you as you lay there on the couch..
 I purr and moan loudly. I grab the bace of your cock with one paw and pull my muzzle off of you looking up at you and licking my lips..
 I nods and smiles then pull you up to sit up while you feel my hard cock touch your tailhole.
 I straddle you and feel your cock touch my pucker. I moan reaching back and taking hold of your cock. I rub that cock against my hole before slowly sitting down. I gasp and feel you push in to me..
I continue to grunt happily not really understanding.
grins at remo softly and hold your hips.
 I pant and moan as i sit down on you first half way and then all the way. I can feel your cock throbbing inside me and i huff rolling my hips a little. I groan as i sit up a bit and push my self back down again as i begin to ride your fat cock..
I understand now happily grunting out* Because I'm always glad to see a friend! *I nuzzle you.
 I moan cutely as i begin to bounce on you, my own cock bobbing up and down as i ride at a steady pace..
I look around for something as I get distracted.
sit up and hold remo on the couch, "let me do it, kitty~" he start to pound kitty's hole little bit harder.
 Now pinned on my back on the couch and my legs back and knees next to my head i pand and moan as you pound in to me harder and faster, your hips slapping my ass as you pound me..
 I pant and cry out as you paw me off and fuck me. I clutch the couch cution and your cock hammars my prostate harder and harder pre leaks from my cock. I maon out feeling the tightning, pulling sensation in my abdomen..
I grins sly and he rams his knot into kitty tightly hole before he leak hot cum inside.
 Your Knot sends me over the edge and we both cum at the same time. I gasp and gry out cumming hard on to my belly, chest anbd face as you loose your hot load inside of me..
I lick my lips as I watch the show, hungrily staring at the cum slicked hole.
licks remo's tongue and continues to cum inside.
 I moan deeply as I am filled. I pant and moan, Kissing you deeply as you lick my tongue..
i look at remo and rubs cock gently.
 PAnts hard..
 Purrs very loudly laying there in the after glow your fat know locked inside me..
 i lay top of remo and lick remo's cheek.
 I wrap my arms around your neck..
nods and rubs remo's hair.
I wave back at the lion and i stretch, popping my back, legs, arms and sternum.
 pokes my heading and looks around.
 I come through the door looking a bit nervous.
 I smile politely.
 I go to sit down on the couch.
 I look around.
 I look over at your laptop and than back at you.
 I smile and lie back into the couch.
 Looks back at you.
 I put my hands in my pocket.
 I smile again and put my legs up on the coffee table.
 I giggle a bit Then I look around.
 I look at the staircase and then you back at you.
 I got to walk to the then up the staircase.
 looks toward sky.
catches you before you hit the floor* careful there cutie. *i say as I flash you a wolffish grin.
I walk into the pub and I look around a bit before my eyes settle on the lone figure behind the bar. I stride over to them and sit down at the bar.
i give a grin as I look the tall figure over.
I grab the glass and knock it back, enjoying the burn of the drink as it goes down. I replace the glass on the counter.
i flash you a grin.
I put both my hands up and down as if to outline your body.
I stand up and lean on the bar, getting close to the drakess, the grin never leaving.
I place a hand on the back of your head and I give you a quick little kiss on the lips, loving the heat.
I faceplant into the bar hard, leaving me with a headache.
As I had no idea what was going on in the bar, I went right in whistling away. I would step right into a dragoness holding a wolf down, I blink a few times and cleared my throat looking at the dragoness and then smiled a bit and then shake my head and ask.
I go back to my seat, gently rubbing my head.
i gesture to the open row of seats.
my head comes round the door after hearing a massive crash. I look around and see that the bar is open.
 I walk into the room and I sit down at the, Resting my hands on the bar.
i put an arm on the table.
 I look to the drakes and grin.
 I look over it to the wolf across the bar. Have a look confusion having  no idea what you're on about.
i curl my hand into a fist, irked at the remark.
 I look at the wolf and grins.
 I give a grin and giggles.
I walk over to you and I grab you by the waist, lifting you up and over my shoulder without so much as a grunt.
 I start laughing one I am on your shoulder.
I raise an eyebrow at your remark.
I set Anglo back on his seat before returning to mine.
 I grin at Blue so going back to my seat and taking the glass..
I take the shot glass and knock it back the same as the first, the burn of the ethanol a welcome feeling.
I would simply chuckle as the wolf there got himself up quickly and sat himself back down. The wolf rather looked quite embarrassed from what just happened, I then look back at the lovely dragoness and say.
 I finish my class and put it down on the bar.
 I look at both of you.
i look over at Anglo and shrug.
 I shrug back.
walk down the stair and feel hungry, he think of breakfast.
I pull out a flask from my jacket pocket and take a swig.
The snow leopard lightly sniffs the air.
Shakes his head.
i place the flask back into my pocket before laying down on the couch and stretching out.
he walks slowly taking off his jacket and sitting at the bar looking around and admiring the other patrons.
The snow leopard had made his way to a stool, away from everyone. Being new there he was a little unsure of what to do. He sat there, watching the other patrons go about their business, quiet, shy.
the wolf looks over at the snow Leppard smiling invitingly .
He replies, quietly though..
he smiles moving closer .
Nods a few times and looks up at ryan for a moment, then down at the bar counter.
smiles sipping on a small glass .
Smiles slightly and blushes a little bit aswell, before taking another quick look around.
he looks around .
Bored dragon sound..
he smiles his tail wagging not sure she understood but simply said.
he smiles at the gesture slowly moving his paw to slowly caress between her ears.
he walks by the table .
he cocks his head to the side.
i yawn softly as i head downstairs with a tired look, going to the kitchen to get a quick drink.
waves and sitting on a pillow.
i head downstairs as i see a new yena (?) And i wave to him.
i walk to the yena and i offer my paw.
swims in my tiny pool it stands in he living room.
I roll my shoulders and crack my back as I head down stairs, my tail staying up behind me. My black beady eyes scan the room until I see the other shark in a tiny pool* Yup. It's Vress. *I head into the kitchen and grab a big bag of ice, bringing it over and dumping it in the pool.
I cock my head at the two and smile.
waves sitting on the couch.
is confuzzled and plops on the carpet.
sitting next to ripper.
is confuzzled.
turns in my normal Form.
i yawn and i sit down at a booth, looking at the lunch menu.
stands up and takes on my flash suit.
i order some chicken tenders and i sigh softly.
I look around the desolate room, not a soul stirred as I walked about, looking at the sparse decor. My eyes settle on the couch off to the side and I decide to lay down for a while, waiting for the others to return. Stretched out on the couch, I close my eyes.
I walk into the room looking kinda tired. Wearing a pair of faded jeans and hunting boots that make suprisingly minimal noise but wearing no shirt and carrying a backpack. I  put the bag on the table of the bar and pull out parts for a gun and start assembling them. From the look of it its a handgun that looks big for anyone smaller than I am.
I look over at him and seem to have no emotion on my face my voice is even monotone.
I finish doing what I needed to do at the bar. I begin messing with the other items in my bag first thing I get out a gas grenade labled in big red letters: SIE.
I ask as I fumble with the sleeves of it.
i sit down next to Razzy and I start to pet his head slowly.
I playfully pull at your hood, your nose poking out from it.
i give another playful tug at the hood.
a wide grin spreads across my face as he finally complies* so is that what you were trying to hide? A blush? *i slowly pet Razzys head in an attempt to reassure him that I won't be mean.
i begin to inspect his eyes only to remember he doesn't want attention drawn to them, so I pull myself away a bit.
i reach a paw through his hood to gently stroke his cheek.
i move over to the snow leopard and I give him a hug before going over to the couch he pointed out earlier to lay down on.
I roll up my right pant leg to reveal a mechanical leg.
the memory flashes through my mind quickly and I wince in pain as it plays in my mind over and over again.
his words bring me back to the bar we're at, and a slight smile appears* Thanks Raz, it's hard sometimes. *I put my pant leg back down over my mechanical leg.
I get up off the couch and I find my way to behind the bar, picking up a bottle of Jack Daniels only to return to the couch with it.
I chuckle a bit at that.
i open the glass container and takes a swig, enjoying the familiar burn of the ethanol.
i take another drink before setting the bottle down on the table and laying back on the couch.
i say calling upon my memories of her.
the smile slowly fading as the memories come back* the kid I had. My daughters name was Rose. She was the most beautiful little pup you'd ever find, and I loved her like no other. *my eyes start to water up and get cloudy.
i wipe my eyes.
I punch the side of the couch, leaving a fist shaped dent in the frame.
i turn myself over on the couch while tears run down my face.
i say as I sniff a little, trying to calm down.
I sniff again and turn back around, reaching for the Jack Daniels.
 the wolf walks in, looking around as he goes seeing if anybody is around. He spots the purple snep sitting down alone and it goes over to him..
 The grey wolf move closer but also keeping my distance because of his gesture. I look over his shoulder and see that he is not drinking.
 I move I bit closer out of Curiosity .
 I move closer and I take a seat next to you.
 I smile in an effort to come across as friendly.
 I look over to it and I study it.
 I are you look back to your drawing.
 smile again.
 I smile and I reaching out to pat him on the shoulder.
 I chuckle and I notice your  different colour eyes.
 I smile and pointed to my eyes. My right eye is yellow and my left one is red.
I look over to the direction the voice came from and realise that we are not alone.
 I turn back to you and smiles.
 I you look at the scratch.
 I smile seeing Razzy look more relaxed.
 I smile reassuringly back.
 I am lean in, showing my reinsurance.
faceplants into my usual couch spot and sighs heavily.
i say with my face still buried in the couch.
i lift my head from the couch to see the drawing Razzy made.
i lay my head back down onto the couch as I wave him over to me.
i poke at the snow leopards thigh.
i chuckle at the leopards reaction.
i sit up next to him and I wrap my arms around his waist gently, lightly laying my chin on his shoulder.
i nuzzle my snout into your neck a bit as I bring my voice down to a whisper.
i gently rub your belly as we cuddle, closing my eyes and taking in the moment.
i grin as you stop my hand, and I grab ahold of your hand, interlacing our fingers.
i hold up our still holding hands, and I place my other hand on top of yours.
i place my top hand on your hood and I pull it back, showing your face again, placing the same hand on your cheek.
i get up and follow him to his couch, getting on my knees to get on eye level with him.
my ears perk up at the sound of a new voice in the room, but I ignore it...for now. Placing a hand on Razzys hip again.
i move upwards to his face, past his hood, and our lips connect. Placing my other hand behind your head while my eyes close shut, I kiss him.
our lips continue to press together as my other hand moves from your hip to your knee as I move myself to the spot next to you, enjoying the moment.
i sit back up and I look at you straight in the eyes, smiling slightly.
i move over to the little ball of fluff and I gently rub your legs.
i move from your legs to your hands, trying to get you to follow.
i smile wide.
I pad over to Dax happily grunting at him. I nuzzle him and show him my new collar: A blood red one with my name on the front of it.
i grunt in frustration as I faceplant into the couch again.
i say from the couch cushions.
Anyone thats really close to me notices my musky smell. Anyone that would be affected by male bear pharamones would be insanely horny. Becoming addicted to the smell of my musk and the arousing feeling one would get.
i say as I lift myself from the couch again, then going over to the snep to read over his shoulder.
I feel Aiden sniffing my balls I turn around and ny instincts start to kick in. Making me have a burning desire to breed. I pounce on Aiden and expose his ass. My hardening cock near his tailhole. The smell gets stronger and the affect gets much stronger.
i silently lean over the sneps shoulder and I quickly kiss his neck, seeing what he'll do.
i chuckle a bit.
I start panting in horny desperation. My feral mind only thinking of mating the husky. I start to enter Aiden, and quickly shoving the rest in until I hit his prostate and then start thrusting into him having hard but slow thrusts.
i place my hands on your shoulders and starts to massage them.
i keep massaging Razzys shoulders as we watch the two on the floor.
my thumbs rub out the knots in the sneps back muscles as I felt the slight rumble in his chest from the purring. I lean down to his ear and whispers.
Aidens moans and body movements making me more horny. I start to fuck him faster. Until I go at a very animalistic pace. My musk more intense. My facial expression is one of sexual bliss.
i continue to massage the sneps back, slowly working my way down to get all the areas.
I reach back with a paw and squeeze the bears balls, pushing back into his thrusts, making our hips slap together. I moan louder and smile at the bear..
My cock throbs and twitches in Aiden's ass. My thrust become hard but slower as I am close to cumming.
Aiden said with a soft tone, coaxing the bear..
looking genuinely hurt at the question.
i look him in the eyes and flash him a forgiving grin.
i take the snow leopard by the hand, interlacing our fingers again as I take him back to my home.
I roar and my cock explodes and fills Aiden to the brim with my thick creamy cum I pull out of him and move next to him to support him and I start licking his face.
I howl and cum onto the floor, panting heavily afterwards* Good boy Griz. *I pet the bears head and smile.
I walk into the bar with Razzy asleep in my arms and I lay him on a couch with my jacket draped over him as he sleeps. I lay next to him and fall asleep with him.
After mating Aiden last night I ended up going into the woods and playing around there. I ended up getting dirt and some blood and fur from some animals I hunted and just now am I getting back. I go towards the back of the building and try to open the door, but my feal paws arent good for that. So I start scratching at the door with one if my paws. Not strong enough to break anything but hard enough to make noise. I start to grunt and huff in a worried tone.
I grunt happily at him. The light on the back door reveals how dirty I got in the woods. I am coved in dirt and blood from animals I hunted last night.
I groom Dax's face as he cleans me. As a sort of way of returning the favor. I go down licking the top of him head then go to his neck.
I start devouring it instantly. I finish it fairly quickly. I happily grunt and nuzzle Dax giving him affection he has made a real happy burr.
A wide smile spreads across my face when Dax said that. I sit down in front of him. I want him to give me more praise, but I know I have to follow commands like a good boy.
I go over to the large dragon grunting happily at him and sitting next to him. I nuzzle him lovingly and showing him my neck to confirm I was bearing his collar on my neck. I sit next to him on the floor trying not to disturb him.
I happily grunt again as I gat attention from master. Master's touch relaxes me as I sit next to him. I rest my head on his lap as I look up at him. Watching master in all his glory.
I instantly go for the chew toy. I start to knaw in it and play with it. I look at master and grunt at him showing my gratitude.
 walk into the bar area. Look over around and I see the Wolf from a few day ago.
 call out to greet the wolf.
i walk over and greet him with a firm handshake.
 I smile and take his and.
 stop the I sniff the wolf, picking up something. I grin.
i hop behind the bar and I grab my bottle of Jack Daniels and sets it on the counter.
 I look over to the snep and then back to the wolf and I grin.
i take out two shot glasses and fill them both up with the whiskey, then I take a swig from the bottle, pushing the shot glasses towards the other wolf.
i beckon him over to the bar.
 I grab the shot glass, waiting for you to poor .
 I take a swig, drinking it all do in one go.
i look over at the sound of the meep and notice that Razzy is awake* morning Razzy, sleep well? *i pour Anglo more whiskey.
 I look back to the senp.
 I say jokingly.
i grin at the jab.
i take my jacket and I slip it on.
 gives you my gass.
i duck down to find the bottled water, and I eventually find one* here you go. *i say as I hand him the water.
I take the gass back and I drink.
 I look over at Razzy with concern.
i take another swig out of the whiskey bottle.
 a continue to grin.
i pull out two more bottle of Jack Daniels.
 I wave him over.
 I pick up the bottle.
i open my bottle.
 I open mine.
i bring the bottle to my mouth and I start downing the amber liquid inside, quickly draining it.
 I follow, drinking the contents of the bottle. Draining it just a little bit slower.
i try not to get distracted by the others as I concentrate on the game at hand...quarter of the way...the whiskey was burning my throat like hell fire, but it felt good at the same time.
 I cough a bit as i've put down the bottle.
i look down at Anglo as he puts his bottle down, doing the same after him.
i take one of the shot glasses and filled it up with the whisky before putting the bottle away. I hover my hand over the shot glass and I snap my fingers, causing the Amber liquid inside to combust.
 giggles quietly.
i idly watch the burning liquor.
i look down at the now cold shot glass.
i take my focus off the glass to look at Kinen.
i set the shot glass in front of the snep.
 I look to BlueMoon after watching that.
keeping my eyes on the potted plants, I slide him the rest of my bottle.
 I drink, draining the bottle.
i blow off the statement.
i pass my hand over the potted plant and they instantly burst into flame, quickly reduced to nothing but ash.
i sigh and hop the counter, sitting at one of the bar stools.
i walk up behind the Snow Leopard and I wrap my arms around him, placing my chin on his shoulder.
i kiss the snow leopards cheek as he leans back into me, and then I nuzzle his neck.
i pick up the snow leopard and I take him back to my place.
i pick up the little snow leopard and I take him over to the couches with me and I cuddle with him.
i nuzzle into his neck, giving him a little kiss on the cheek, taking in the scent of his perfume and smiling at its familiarity.
i smile  evilly towards the snep.
i laugh at his reaction and I lean down to pet your head reassuringly.
i smile again at Razzy.
i lean over and I give your lips a quick kiss as I wrap my arms around you.
 is sitting on the couch in the same room, with a hoodie that matches the color of my scales and black jeans, I notice Zeema enter the room and greet her .
 smiles and waves walking over and plopping down beside.
 I shuffle to the side of the couch to give you room on it.
 I return the smile.
 scoots closer to blaze putting my hand on his knee.
 I chuckle from the sudden touch.
 smiles cuddling wagging my tail affectionately nuzzling .
 I put one arm around you as you attack me with your cuddles and stroke your back.
 I say to myself as you seem to have fallen asleep, I pet your head a few times.
i make my way over to where the snow leopard was sat, and I sit next to his place, waiting for him to return.
i slide a hand around the snow leopards back and onto his hip.
i take a sip from the glass, the water as cold as ice.
i give the snow leopard a little kiss on the cheek as he falls asleep in my arms, his cold fur leeching my heat.
i give you a sly smirk.
i rub your hip and belly, letting you know I'm joking.
i stand up and stretch before picking up the snow leopard and carrying him out with me.
i continue with him out the door, back to my place.
i walk back into the bar wearing a new outfit, with a red vest and a white under shirt, with a new hair cut. I hop the bar counter and I rummage around for my bottle of whisky. After a while I find it and hop the bar again, only to be seated at the bar stool, sipping from my bottle of liquor.
 The Wolf sits down on the chair opposite the shark and he smiles yeah sure in the after seeing his reaction.
 I smile again.
 I smile, seeing you becoming less awkward and more relaxed.
 I grin... Noticing his inexperience.
 I get up from my chair and walk over to the bar to get our drinks.
 I come back with two drinks in my hands.
 I sit back down in my seat with a pint glass full of ale.
not saying a word, I watch the other two at the bar with me, smiling to myself as I keep my head on the counter.
i examine your arm without touching it, wondering how exactly your arm is glowing.
 I giggle and when I take a swig from my glass. I put it back down on the table and I smile at you.
i look down at the ground, frowning at what I was just told.
 I smile as I reach and take his drink away from them.
 I shake my head and smile.
 I smile back at the shark.
 I take it a sip from my class.
 The wolf giggles and smiles .
 I wink at the shark.
 I grin at you.
 I live in a bit closer and I sniff you to make sure.
i look up from my spot on one of the couches, only to now see a behemoth in the bar.
waves at Blue and chuckles softly looking for something to drink.
grabbing the glass with two fingers it was small but alot better then the glass he saw before as i threw it back like a small shot smiling as he let out a happy sigh.
Shio said pointing to a tall 10 foot tower of bottle nearly 5 feet around as i chuckle squinting as i turn around behind the counter drinking another bottle.
Shio smirked as he downed the bottle and tossed it behind me as it landed on the tower prefectly.
Shio chuckled as he squinted at the pink girl and hummed as he leaned close to her and sniffed* your made of ... gum? That's super cool!!! *Shio stands up and shakes his head clearing it of the foggyness of being tipsy and smirks evily.
Shio grabbed his backpack as he pushed his arm deep inside his arm vanishing into it before he pulled out an orange flask and handed it to the bubble gum girl.
Shio said leaning back as he pulled out a few small boxes from hi bag.
Shio sighed as he poured him self three of them and downed them after words shaking his head as a few gouts of flame passed from his lips* ahhh that's the stuff! *Shio eyes the gum girl as he poured her another shot  ut this one bright pink like her.
Shio couldn't help but bust out laughing as he doubled over holding his sides before standing up* ahahahahs! I'm sorry. I didn't think it would burn that badly! *Shio chuckled softly before wiping a tear from his eye.
Shio pulled out a small white card and handed it to her* that is a Favor card. Good for any one favor. Anything. You can ask for anything you want from me and I have to give it to you. No questions asked besides how do you want it and when." Shio told her as he smiled softly sipping on a chaser of soda.
Shio shrugged.
As I sit there watching these two go back and forth I raise an eyebrow and pop open a bottle of coke and drink slowly. Then to watch Shio eat that can of empty soda I shake my head slowly and say.
looking at the thick wolf he raised a scaled brow* what you want the can? *Shio opened his maw and pulled it out and blew on it popping back out to normal.
I would cringe a bit as shio gave me the can when it was in his maw. I then let out a soft chuckle and throw it out* "Mmmm no thanks.." *I pick up my bottle of coke and started to drink more of it and then let out a nice loud burp. .
sighs and grabs the can and eats it again.
I leaned in to Shio drinking the rest of my coke and burp in his face* "Okay." *I smiled softly and then pick up another bottle of Coke and drink a little bit of the second and sit back and relax..
shrugs and blows back a small plume of flame as he walks away humming to himself as he spots rex.
As I watch Shio blow a little flame back at me giving me a sign saying whatever. I would let out another burp and rolled my eyes saying in my head* "Dragons...they always like to think they are tough." *I wave goodbye and shout.
smiles and waves back at k.
As I set my coke down and ignore everyone else that happened to be in the area I take my headphones out and close my eyes, listening to my awesome tunes. Sighing happily as the music soothes me..
Shio shrugged and walked to his back pack and picked it up before woundering to the door.
As I looked over at Sky to just take a look see at what she was doing as she had paused drinking for a moment. I see her burn herself as the cigarette she clearly had used burns her finger and she uses gum to cover it up. Quite an interesting remedy she used there, though I did have a craving for beer now I got up and pause my music for a moment and sit and take a look at all the alcohol before me..
 the wolf, already sitting at a nearby table sees the fox walk in.
 I wave the fox over with my paw in sit down.
Shio smiles in a fairly loud booming voice and we pulled out a dozen things from his back pack and hooked them up as he starts to shuffle stuff as he pulled out a griddle and a waffle maker and food stuffs.
Shio washed his hands and started to cook up some food starting with bacon.
Shugging as he makes a small meh sound as he kept cooking.
Sniffs the air as I got the lovely scent of eggs and ham cooking. I would pick my head up slowly and clearly ignoring Shio I look down at that sizzling Ham and eggs cooking, I licked my lips slowly and try not to drool all over the food but man that smelled so good..
As I watch Shio cut up some peppers and onions then set up plates for everyone that was there, I scratched my head a little and then I shrug. I had my eyes on the tortillas as well oh everything looked just perfect together, I however would wait patiently and I grab a bottle of coke to have it along with my meal..
I went by Shio and pat his back as he kept on cooking* "Thanks mang...." *Clearly not wanting more conversation and only wanting to eat now I grab a plate and start serving myself as well. Not alot of course, just the right portion and I sit down and started munching away..
Shio hummed as he made a bright pink and yellow pancake and slipping it onto a ate and sliding in front of Sky chuckling as it was a picture of a bubble gum sun saying be happy.
I rolled my eyes and scoffed a little as Sky was putting up a little show. I say in my head* "Drama....does it have to be now?" *I shake my head and continue to eat and I take my coke and drink half of it down..
I finish up my plate and all clean I finish the rest of my coke and throw it all in the trash but a bit hard the coke bottle would end up breaking in the trash can. I chuckled as that happened and went wandering off somewhere else..
Dragon noises..
Shio cleaned up his mess and hummed softly as he walked over to the purple leopard and stood next time handing him a bottle.
Shio followed the leopard and huffed as he eyed him* frost it please. I saw you. *Shio grumbled he handed the drink to the leopard and growled softly.
I pad over to the Dragon and lay next to him occasionally nuzzling his leg as he speaks. Making boredgrunts quiet enough not to pester or bother them.
I start to happily grunt at both the Dragon and Razzy. I nuzzle and give the Dragon lots of attention. Unusual for a feral bear.
I sit down next to the Dragon like I'm waiting for something yet I'm very happy to be in his presense. I keep smiling wider as he pats my head. I even start happily grunting and huffing towards Razzy following the Dragons example of encouraging him.
Shio reached out his hand grabbing the snep and hummed forcing his own heat into the snep as shio chest starts to visable move as he breaths.
Shio hummed as the warmth would flood into the snep bring him up to slightly below normal temperature for snep.
I run after the ball like a big puppy. I grab it with my mouth and bring it back to him. My little stubby tail starts wagging. And I keep making happy grunts, huffs, and pants.
Shio burst out laughing.
Shio looked at the other dragon and hummed softly* here. Give me a second. *he walked to his backpack and started tossing things behind him a few dozen tennis balls and found a small glowing orb.
Shio hummed as he restocked the bar still cleaning as he swept the bar clean happily.
I go up to Razzy and start nuzzling him and grunting at him seemingly trying to communicate.
I tilt my head in confusion. I keep giving the Leopard attention just being a happy feral pet bear.
I seem a little startled by his petting but then warm up to it my body moving closer to the paw petting me as I seem to like it.
I keep enjoying the pets before flopping on my back exposing my big furry belly.
I start whimpering at Razzy. Making puppy dog eyes at him. Trying to get belly rubs.
My stomach growls and I start whimpering again. I grab onto Razzy's clothes gently with my mouth and tug a little to show him my growling stomach.
I keep whimpering to confirm.
yawns and curls up to rest in the corner .
waves and sets down cookies at his feet..
I chuckle and crouch to get them and eat them.
I walk into the outside pool on Level one. I look over the big Chteau. I am very happy to be here knowing the limited amout of reservations, plus my way of even getting here in the first place. But I was here and ready to just relax and have fun. First things first is to look around. I desided to take off my clothes in my room, knowing I didnt need them. I pad around the building passing the spa and stop in there. I make my way into one of the springs and see Milo. I sit down in the same spring and raise my paw to greet him.
I look at Milo and smile. Then study his body. I seem to drift a little closer and eventually put my big hairy arm around his shoulder.
I shrug at Milo* It was a little difficult. Plus the flight here. Just not used tah travelin' a lot. *I smile lustfully at Milo showing him what my intentions are for a split second.
I sigh* yeah I heard some things too. I guess it will be a great way to vent for awhile. Epecially if I find a few partners here. *My front oaw reaches for Milo's cock.
My paw snapped back to my side I blush a little and look away from him.
I lean on Milo licking my lips as I whisper in his ear.
My cock already starts hardening as  I still lean on you whispering in yozr ear.
i smile pushing my cock though the open hole of the toilet letting my panther cock twitch as my heels click on the floor.
i mutter as i thrust enjoying the beautiful womens moans.
i smile as i wag my tail suddenly pulling out and you hear the clicking sound of my heels on the floor as i open your toilet block and kiss your neck moving you to face me so i can fuck your pussy this time while looking you in the eyes.
The anthro bear ended up sleeping in the springs. I slowly begin to wake up and look around seeing that nobody's around I start to tour around the chteau before I stop in my room to put on a leather harness and start to carry around a collar and leash if me or and one else wants to be a slave. I walk around trying to find anyone at this hour.
The fox, college-graduated and depressed after a nasty break up with a particular wolf whose mother was insinuated not to have been married to his father, sat in the common room of the resort, drinking a coffee and idly watching a television show.  He glanced up at the bigger male, a slight blush on his cheeks, but he turned back to the television, assuming the other hadn't observed him, or wasn't interested.
I look at Dax looking him over. The submissive side of me telling myself to hand him the leash but at the same time. I kinda want to be the dom too. Choices choises... I simple just approach Dax, my leather harness making my cock rock hard unintentionally..
I go behind Dax and rub his shoulders my cock pokes his lower back. I smile and the heat of my bidy seems to radiate onto him* Maybe you need to relax....let some tention go *I start to blush. Trying to figure out my own intentions. Seeing if I want to dominate him but at the same time I wanted to give him the leash and let him go at it. The collar I was holding had a magical property that would take effect once the leash was attached.
i emerge from my room with just swim shorts on, making my way over to the springs. As I get there I look around for anyone I would know before sliding myself into one, a smile spreading across my face as I relax.
I walk in wearing a pair of teal shorts, the only decal on them was the Greek letter z, the lighting of the area make my black fur shine a bit as I walk over to a chair and sits down pulling out a book.
after reading a bit I dog ear my place and close the book, setting it aside I look around the area wondering what to do so I don't get bored.
walks into the main room of the chateau, dressed in only a fishnet crop top and a very short pink skirt, expecting to find festivities of all kinds around, but unfortunately I encounter only silence.
I start to sleep on the floor of the spa. snuggling up to the nearest fur standing or laying down. I sleep contently dreaming of random things you'd expect a feral to dream about. Anyone awake would see me swatting the air grunting happily like im trying to grab something in the air.
I start to wake up and pad around the Chteau looking for anyone to play with. I am wearing nothing exept for a very decorative collar. I lay down near the pool outside looking for people but slowly giving up my search.
my ears perk up and I start to pad over to Fire's location. I run up to the avian stopping in front of him. I sit on my haunches and start making happy sounding huffs and grunts muffled my something in my mouth..
I smile wider revealing what is muffling my sounds of happiness. Its a ball, it seems to be one I carry around frequently because it looks kind of chewed up. I ignore the ball in my mouth unless anyone asked to play. When Fire begins to pet my cheek my head moves towards the hand that is petting me.
I let go of the ball and begin to lick Fire's face my happy grunts and huffs getting louder and more frequent. I watch the ball intently waiting for something to happen. My dog-like behavior would make it easy to pull any type of trick people would do on a dog.
I continue to watch the ball happily as fire leads me outside. I see him catching the ball by himself for a second before throwing it. I sprint after it. The ball bounces off a large tree and flies into the air. I end up predicting the landing and catch it in my maw. I run back to fire with the ball still happily grunting and huffing. I seem to need a lot of things once someones given me closer inspection. My stomach is growling, i look a little dirty, and thirsty.
I run after it again and jump ino the pool with as much grace as you'd expect from a feral bear. I swim over to the ball and catch it in my mouth. I look over at Fire as I get out of the pool. I shake off my fur at an attempt to dry it off. I go to fire and drop the ball near him.
i look up at the ball and jump up and catch it in my maw. I drop it next to his hand and take advantahe of him sitting. I crawl all over him covering his body with my soft fur, i start licking his face as a sign of affection and gratitude.
I feel something touching touching me and see you cock slowly hardening. I tilt my head before going back to licking your face.
I run after the ball again searching through the brush to get to it befire finally retreiving it. I hear his statement and lay on my stomach wanting to see if I can do it.
I get up and start padding around. Unsure of what I'm supposed to be doing. Fire is suprisingly not that heavy as I can easily support hus weight.
I grunt happily at the proposal. I go towards the edge if the pool and wait for Fires command.
I jump into the pool going to the bottom before swimming to the top. I start to swim in random directions grunting happily and seeing if Fire is still on my back.
I swim over to fire and lick his face grunting happily and having a wide smile.
I swim towards him still licking his face my smile gets wider and my noises get louder.
My stomach growls and start whimpering at Fire.
I whimper wanting to stay with fire. I lick his face and make puppy eyes at him.
wakes up on the floor on a heap of clothes, yawning and stretching while I look around the place..
I follow fire into the kitchen grunting happily as I smell honey. Without any warning I climb on the counter and paw at a cabnet where the honey is.
 wolf walks over in Curiosity to fur just lying on the floor.
I start to lap up all the honey that is on fires hand until its spotless. I start trying to reach for the jar to get the rest. Seemingly the bear needs to be trained on how to act.
Springs up and smiles, wagging my tail.
 the wolf says smiling.
 I wolf grins.
I sniff the honey on fires horsecock. I lick a little off then back off a little.
I nuzzle fire to confirm still eyeing the honey dripping from Fire's cock.
I mumble then turn to face him completely* so hows the party been for you? *I ask with a cheerful smile.
 the wolf starts to check you out thinking that you don't notice.
 I smile reassuringly.
 I slowly hold one of your paws in one hand, making you feel at ease.
I shy away from your paw and make a bit of a nervous smile, not at all sure what exactly to do.
 I smile again.
 I put my paw back down.
fidgets back and forth and looks down a bit, taking my turn to look you over but being far less subtle about it then you were..
 an idea comes into the wolf's head. I smile.
my ears perk and pivot as soon as I hear the sound of another voice, and I pivot on my heels to look out towards the feline.
Casually stuffs a finger up against your lips.
I pad around the wooded area being quite bored with it. I pad around the Chteau. Looking for someone to play with. I lay on a big pet bed made for feral bears like myself. I set it their along with toys for me to play with while I was still Anthro. I grab a chew toy in my maw and start gnawing and chewing, making a squeeking noise everytime i bite down.
Shio grinned as he slapped her ass hard as his cocks hit ever deeper into her and throbbed for her?.
he held her close still deep inside of her tight ass but not carring.
snorts and waves.
sits and waits.
waves at everyfur.
waves at Seth..
is actually female.
Shio chuckled seeing the dog sending the nude shot and laughed as sent a text to shiva as he tossed the dog a bone shaped toy from his back pack and chuckled.
he nodded and jotted thier requests and slowly pushed himself up and nodded walking out of the room as he went off to go get the food.
the chubbymale foxy walks in with a femboi outfit hoping to attract some sexual fun attention. I sit on the couch acting all shy.
the young male Wolf walk in the lobby to find bar area as he is lost.
holding out a rather large pot of it with some lamb curry he smirking.
he smirked and sad down and offered the chubby femboi some pizza..
kisses shio hard on the lips before digging into the tikka masala like a savage animal.
chuckles and kisses back as i hold out a pizza towards Elan.
plops down and eats some pizza.
blushes as the female walks in.
goes back to sipping tea.
 Plops down on a near by sofa and lounges around.
I pad over to Remo and sit on my haunches next to her. I start to lick her face, and nuzzle her.
 Smiles softly, in all actuality i am male, only being female to the big bear. I giggle and lick back..
I go and get something from a huge pet bed inside the room obviously mine. I walk back over to Remo with a few toys like a lazer pointer, a ball, and a chew toy.
I immediatly stare at it for a second seeing if its some sort of animal. Unaware its from the lazer. I continue to be confused.
 I make it dart across the carpet to another spot and then i make it zing back to the same spot..
I dart to it putting my paw over it trying to catch it. I put my paw over the paw that originally caught it.
 It moves out of your grip zooming across the floor next to the wall and back around you, making a slow circle..
I chase it all around where ever it goes making happy grunts and huffing noises.
 I give you a good work out making it zoom all around the room, perhaps being a bit cairless with the toy. Thins were pushed over and broken in the prosess of the fun..
I continue to chase the mysterious dot around the room hoping I can get it sometime. I start to pant a little as I start to get a littletired.
rolls into chat.
giggles and shrugs.
Shrugs back and chuckles.
The female bluejay is sitting on the couch in kinky cloths hoping to attract some attention.
I wake up in my huge bear sized pet bed in the corner and look at Fire. I run up to him and happily grunt and huff trying to get his attention. Since he is familiar with me it wouldnt be wierd that a huge bear is giving him so much affection so suddenly. Anyone knows me as a feral knows why I'm trying to get Fire's attention.
 the gray wolf entered the bar area looking around for a spare seat. He saw an empty barstool and went to sit down. He looked to the lizard behind the bar.
he smiled too the lizard serving drinks.
Is exactly 21..
 The wolf said, pointing to the bottles of ale behind the Lizard.
 The wolf takes a sip from the bottle befor putting it back down on the bar.
I go to my pet bed and get a chest full of fun toys for a owner and pet to play with. I push it with my head until it hits the back of fire's leg. I whimper and try to open the chest up.
I happily grunt and huff. I get my leash out and set it near fire before I start playing with the rope chewing on it a lot..
 I look Behind me watching repair play with rope in amusement.
I whimper and look at Shiva and nudge my leash towards him. I keep playing with the rope but make puppy eyes at him hoping he will give me a walk.
I pad over to Shio holding my leash in my maw. I smile at him wanting tp go for a walk. Seeing he is either bored or just not occupied with anything.
I happily eat the salmon and grunt and huff happily at Shio. I lay the leash in front of me and sit on my haunches.
I eat the other salmon. He has definatly gained my trust. I go get the chest full of stuff and put it near me too. I flop on the ground waiting for Shio to be done wanting to feel that belonging of a pet again.
I grab my leash and follow Shio. As I follow him I give him the occasional nuzzle. Or get distracted and walk the other direction.
I start sniffing the air as we walk and tries to walk the opposite direction. To anyone out there that isnt a feral they wouldnt smell the honey nearby only the very distant buzzing of a few bees.
he sprinkled some on the meat as the smell increases by 10 fold wafting threw the air like nothing everyone smelled before.
I start to walk in the direction if the hive. The buzzing gets louder until We reach a large tree with a huge beehive on one if the branches. I look at it licking my chops and grunting and huffing at it. I run towards the tree and trying to climb it trying to fight against the leash.
I quickly catch up with Shio and reach the branch before Shio I start to swat my paw at the hive. The bees start to go ballistic and attack both of us. Simply shrugging it off as I swat.
I finally knock it over and climb down to go get it the bees still trying to attack. I go to the hive and start to lick up the honey and start eating some of the bee's larvae as well.
blushes*) *The collie walked through the doors wearing a tank top, shorts and boxers as he sat at the counter odrering a glass of vodka and looking around the room.
Axton saw some things happen in the corner but sipped his drink paying it little attention.
chew popcorn.
waves to all.
i walk into the bar with nothing but a grin on, making my way to the counter* a whisky on the rocks please. *i say as I sit on one of the bar stools, my tail curling around my waist.
i take the glass and sip the amber liquid, the familiar burn being a welcomed feeling.
I pad into the area on all fours. I start to look around and see the Werewolf as tge bartender. I tolt my head confused trying to think if I have seen him before. I pad over towards the back of the bar and Sit down on my haunches next to him. I look at Alpine from the other side and grunt at him.
I smile a little and pad over to Alpine. I nuzzle him and sit next to him hoping to get attentiom.
rolls around.
walks in as my new femboi self wearing my sexy feminine cloths llooking quite cute as I watch from the couch letting the two Anthros play around as I blush cutely across my face.
flops on the sofa..
 I pull my face up from the sofa and look at you smiling softly..
 I sit up on the sofa making room for you to sit dowm. I am wearing blue jeans and a black T-shirt..
 I ran my fingers through my long black hair and got it out of my face. My fur is blood red and well keped. .
 My smile is broad now and i chuckle a bit my self. Looking you over and not hiding it..
 I contenue to smile at you and be genneraly friendly..
 I Scoot my self a little closer to you, thinking i might be the reason for your nervousness..
 you could hear the smile in my voice and i got closer, draping my arm on the couch behind you..
 I chuckle and lean down pressing my muzzle in to your nech and takins a whiff of your scent..
 I give your neck a soft nip..
 You can hear me purring loudly and you can feel me shift and my paws come down on either side of your head, my much larger body comming down on top of you. you can fee me grinding mu self in to your ass. You can tell its hard. Inubble the side of your neck.* MMh you want whats in my pants you best come get it boy. * This was said affctionatly..
 I grin and flip you over to face me there on the couch, I pull my shirt off tossing it on the floor and you can see my muscles flex above you. I lift my body off you a bit to give you room to work..
 My mostly hard cock flops out of my undies and in to your face. The nine and a half inch lingth rubbing aginst your snout and cheek. I kick my pants away and lift my body up a bit. I reach down with a paw pressing the tip of my cock against your lips..
 I moan huff loudly feeling my little foxie slut take me inn easy and all at once. I couldent help but thrust my hips a couple of times in to that warm muzzle.* Ooh fuck Goood boy mmmh! * I purr loudly and you can feel my cock twitch and leak a little on to your eager tongue..
 I rumble and moan pulling my cock out of your muzzle for a moment..
 I grin and sit back on the sofa looking down at you as my wet cock bobs back and fourth..
 I moan locking lips with you in return, kissing you deeply as i started to fufill your wish, rolling over with you in my arms and pinning you under me. I take your legs, spreadding them and pushing your knees up to your shoulders. you can feel my cock against you and i moan using my free paw to lign my self up. you fell a pressure as i start slipping my self inside you ..
 * I push my hips forward a little more and i come to rest, my hips against your ass, my big bone as far as it will go..
 I growl softly pressing my muzzle against yours hard.  you feel me pull back and thrust in to you hard. I do this again and again untill i have a steady rythem going..
 walks into the lobby and looks around for any other people, finding none he sits down on the couch and rests his back against it.
I take a big puffs out of my cigar that I had, standing up as my named was called and this was my first time being in a kind of thing like this. I made my way out with my leather jacket and pants soon out on the stage blowing big clouds of smoke. I flick my cigar into someones glass of whiskey and throw my jacket to the side and tear off my jeans, now in my jockstrap and showing off my muscle gut and toned chest I go up into the stage and started to flex, not doing much but doing my own thing as I payed no attention to everyone around me but giving what I had to offer. My thick thighs shining in the light and giving a little smirk as I flex more and turn side to side having a bit of my canine cock slightly exposed to the crowd chuckling at myself. I thought this wasn't going to get anyone but this was still my time to shine anyhow, once I had felt satisfied I licked my chops and rubbed around my crotch and pull at my jockstrap looking down for a moment as I heard it rippling, next moment it tears apart and now my whole canine package had shown, I froze up as I saw it happen. I slowly cover it and close my eyes tightly letting out a loud sigh..
As one of the aunctioners got claimed by one of the judges that was watching I looked at that little dragon myself and chuckled a bit nodding a bit.* "Well, lucky son of a gun." *I grab a cigar from someone that offered it to me and sat back and enjoyed my smokes again. Putting my leather jacket back on and leaving my cock to be exposed now not caring so much anymore..
 A skinny built wolf walks into the bar area, still very sleepy. The grey wolf moves to the behind the bar noticing that the place is empty and courage to put him self a drink: A pint of ale.
 Blaze the dragon had the same idea, deciding to go down to the bar to get him something that would help him wake up, upon arriving he noticed a familiar wolf already sitting there .
 A smile comes over my face.
 the wolf put a bottle and a glass of ale for himself on the bar, freeing his hands.
 I smile and sit down by the bar.
 I turn around and take a bottle of water out from the freezer area. I turn back round and I hand you the bottle, smiling.
 grab the bottle from your paws , and pour some water into my glass.
 I take a chug and lean back I'm my seat.
 pours the contents of the bottle into my glass.
 I quickly look you over.
 I make a bunch of gestures and a few whistles .
 I take the sip from the glass and then I put it back down on the bar.
 I fail to notice the grin on your face .
 I take another sip.
 I grin again.
 I lean over the counter with a huge grin on my face.
 I chuckle to make you aware that I was joking.
 chuckle back, grinning.
 I take another sip, finishing what was in the glass. I got pour the rest from the bottle into my glass.
 I laugh loudly for a few moments and take another chug.
 I disappear under the bar and I and I come back up with a glass. Are you then turn around and grab a couple of bottles and place Them on the bar.
 I see that look on your face and know what you're thinking.
 I start for a shots-worth into the glass followed A golden looking liquid to top of the class. Then I put a drop of a much darker liquid in round it off. I  place it in front of you .
 i say as I first take a small sit to taste the liquid before downing the glass, and groan loudly.
 I pour exactly the same and I down it.
 I look at you grinning.
 I pull your glass back to refill it.
 I down the second glass and not a moment later, I star coughing violently.
 I pull the class away from you.
 I shake my head.
 I turn around and I get you another bottle.
 I wave my hand to show you that it's okay.
 I wink and I drink the rest of what is in my glass.
 I start to put the bottles and glasses away.
 I say with drunkenness in my voice.
 I watch you swaying.
 I say and wobble before falling down onto the ground.
 I move from behind the bar and I pick you up, holding you in my arms.
 I hold onto you tightly to avoid falling.
 I nuzzle you.
 I nuzzle back.
 I start to walk to the stairs leading up to the rooms, holding you tight to me.
 I nuzzle you and then I start to walk up the stairs.
looks around the quiet room.
waves back nervously.
grins with big teeth.
peaks out from behind a couch.
pads over to you and shakes your hand.
smiles softly and shakes your hand in return.
smiles and sits down, wagging my tail.
takes a seat and continues to look around nervously.
tilts my head.
looks back to and folds his ears back.
smiles warmly at the purple goat and get up to get a nice cup of tea.
gets up and follows them, looking around.
goes to the kitchen to find some tea.
follows them in and looks at the different tea and scrunches his nose at the smells.
picks out an herbal berry tea before getting a pot to boil water in.
just watches, being the lame goat he is and not liking tea.
Walks in and falls on one of the couches still half-asleep.
 A grey Wolf, sitting at a nearby table looks up from his phone after hearing the noise. He grins.
She smiles faintly, looking around in search for a blanket of some kind.
 I get up and walk over after seeing that she is searching for something.
She looks at the wolf with hope, as she is new around her and doesn't know where everything is.
Giggles a bit, then sighs.
 The wolf grins.
She smiles innocently, as if she didn't know what was he chuckling about.
giggles and Continues to grin.
sneaks in silently and sits on a couch in a far secluded corner, rubbing his eyes sleepily.
Nervous looking fox wanders in.
Drags himself in silently, so as* not to bother anyone. The sound of his hooves silenced by some long socks.
sits on a couch and hides himself in a pile of pillows and blankets.
waits patiently for someone to sot on the couch and fall into his trap.
pokes his nose out from the pillows.
sits on the couch and sighs, just getting back from classes, not noticing the new person within the couch.
throws the pillows into the air and sneak attack-baps the bluemoon's nose*.
i flail as my nose is bapped by the sneaky goat. I then look at you and grin.
smiles and sticks his tongue out.
i chuckle at you, my eyes flash a fiery red for a moment before returning back to their normal blue color. I settle back into my seat.
blinks and licks his nose as your eyes change colour. He grabs a few of the pillows and partially burries himself again.
i hold out a paw for you to shake.
shakes your hand and slowly sinks into the pillows.
i lay my arm back to my side, raising an eyebrow at you.
shrugs and looks around the room.
i yawn and shut my eyes slowly.
hides himself back into the pillows.
I pad around the middle of the bar seeing if anyone was around. Being a feral bear I have a short attention span. So I go to me pet bed and start chewing on a toy making a loud squeak everytime i bite down on it.
I hear the sound of a voice. I quickly run over to tge source of the voice in the courtyard. I get closer to him and grunt to get his attention. I smile as he looks at me to be nonthreatening.
I shrug in response to his statment. I run over to Epao's side. My collar jingles as I do so. I start to happily grunt and nuzzle him. I sit down on my haunches and show him in not a threat. Maybe he might even pet me ir play.
I look up at Epao and flop on my back exposing my big belly. From the look of my belly fur it looks really soft. I smile and grunt at Epao to try to get him to pet me. Also my exposed underside definitely confirms that I'm a male.
the goat yawns and wiggles out of the pile of pillows, on a couch that he passed out in.
flops on the goat tiredly.
wiggles and nibbles on the fluffball.
nibbles on the goat ear.
bahs quietly and looks up at shiva, blushing.
Walks downstairs, yawning loudly. I stop at the bottom of the stairwell and blink at the two Infront of me.
giggles and woofs.
huffs and squirms out from underneath her and sits on the floor with his back to the couch amd pulls shiva into his lap.
sits in the goats lap and licks his face.
licks back then wraps his arms around shiva and gives her and hugs tightly.
sticks his tongue out.
wags and nods, nuzzling the cute goat.
smiles and pets her and nuzzles back.
smooches his nose.
gasps and covers his blushing face.
shuffles over to shiva with a blanket and also flops .
wraps up the golden retriever and snuggles.
pats the blanket.
snuggles them.
nuzzles you both.
nuzzles back and climbs up on.
holds you both in my arms.
wriggles more into the wiggle pile .
peaks inside the main roim and looks around at the new strangers.
whimpers nervously.
retreats to the pile of pillows he made earlier.
looks up waging his tail.
tosses a pillow.
pounces on pillow and hugs it.
pokes Roland.
walks in after a long day and looks around to see the place empty.
wakes up and walks over, poking the mango.
pokes you back .
blinks and folds his ears back.
tries to squirm free.
he huffs and wiggles free from the assault of hugs.
 laughs and pats your head.
he tilts his head.
gives coffee.
 Plops down on the sofa and looks around the room to see who is there. My blood red fur is clean and still a little damp from the shower and my black hair is done up in a braid that falls just short of my rear. I am dressed in a pair of blue jeans and a white shirt..
 I raise my eyebrows a i see the dog come in with headphones on. Unable to hear the musick or the singing i just kind of chill and relax on the sofa, enjoying the quiet morning..
After a long while of the song playing and him humming a fine tune to it, it goes off and that's it for the time being as he shakes his head a bit till the headphones just hang around his neck, as he goes about sniffing the place and walking with his yellow tail remaining idle..
does a curtsie wearing a blue dress, white high heels.
stretches out in a lounge chair, with a bottle of water and a blank stare..
 comes up behind Alpine and wraps my arms around your waist and resting my zebra head on your shoulder.
i wag my tail happily.
leans over and gives Xiuhseri a pat on the nose.
does a curtsie wearing a blue dress, white high heels as my Shemale Horse form.
puts digi in a black lingerie outfit.
covers herself in a blanket.
takes off the blanket.
shivers and looks up giving Shiva puppy dog eyes.
shivers as she leans up against your chest.
folds my ears and kisses your cheek.
lets go of the blanket and nuzzles your cheek.
pets you softly.
leans into the pettinf and bahs quietly.
pulls you by the knees to get closer to me.
squeaks and wiggles over.
holds your ass in my paws and kisses you lightly.
bahs happilu and kisses back.
pets your ears.
smiles and lays her head against your chest.
crawks into your lap and wiggles her butt.
plays with your ass.
wiggles and bites her lip.
yelps and nips at.
huffs and sticks her tongue out.
spanks and pulls you closer.
yelps again and squrims.
kisses digi's lips.
blushes brightly and melts into your chest.
squeezes at your chest.
moans quietly and pushes her chest into yournpaws.
pinches at your nipples.
shivers and pulls away.
hides her face in your chest.
puts my warm mouth on your nipples instead.
eeps and giggles, wiggling around.
licks them gently, sucking softly.
bites her lip and arches her back.
looks up at you.
nods and blushes.
licks and sucks your other nipple while playing with the other.
moans quietly and and wiggles.
moves my paw down to your center.
blushes and leans back, giving you access to herself.
pulls her panties aside and rubs a finger over her slit.
gasps and wiggles.
circles her clit gently.
shivers and whines softly.
kisses softly, moving my finger and pushing it inside.
kisses back, moaning quietly as you push your finger inside her.
curls the finger in a "come hither" motion inside you.
gasps and squirms.
grins and puts another finger in.
nods and rubs my fingers in faster and deeper.
moans deeply and presses against your hand.
rubs your clit with my thumb as I fuck you with my fingers.
gasps and jerks her hips as she soaks your hand, cumming from just your fingers.
tastes the juices and moans lightly.
bahs happily and takes your hand and teasingly sucks your fingers.
nods and leans close kissing you.
kisses you sweetly and tastes your cum on your tongue.
 wanders back in with a coffee .
snaps fingers.
steals the sheep.
taps his watch, waits, then proceeds with this grand sheep thefting.
drags a lawn chair over by one of the fires, and sits down in it, glancing around.
looks around.
I raise my shark head from the bar, a nearly empty bottle of whiskey by head.
squirms as his hair is ruffled up.
Pads up to the bar and sits down only to rest his head on the bar.
I pad around the room looking for furs to play with start to look sad and lays next to the bar whimpering. I still look around as I whimper.
pat pats the big burr.
I look at Regisa and start to smile a little. I relax my body seeing that someone wants to pet me.
the fuzzy rodent thing smiles soft and continues patting and letting the big burr.
a cute feminine bodied male bluejay walks in with cute femboi cloths. He has nectar pink colored feathers from his lower jaw to his lower thhighs he sits next to the purple goat blushing cutely across his feathery face. He lights up one of his Newports taking a long drag before blowing out the cancer stick smoke into the air. He looks at the goat still having the blush across his face* hi I'm nectar* he says in a shy tone.
 she puts out the cig and rushes outside and checks on the goat feeling bad for what just happened.
he says to the werewolf trying to apologise to the goat for doing what I did to her in the bar.
A human walks downstairs, blue jeans cover his legs as they rest on his hips, a red and black tank top covers his body but shows the tattoos on his arms, his hair a mess, and his silver bracelet shines on his left wrist. He yawns loudly, revealing a sharp toothed maw and looks around the bottom floor.
pads in and looks around at everyone looking for a suitable male to bring back to my room.
lounges in one of the chairs, just inside the door, and lets out a soft yawn.
i lay down on one of the couches with a sigh.
Walks in as a male feminine curvy bodied blueJay with nectar pink colored feathers from her lower Jaw to her lower thighs in femboi cloths as I walk in I sit at the bar and orders fireball.
i walk into the bar and I have a seat next to the pretty femboy, giving him a few looks up and down I smile at him.
isaac trots back down the stairs, his hooves clicking to the stairs as he did,  groaning and wearing a happy little grin across his muzzle. He wore black dress pants and a soft button up shirt and dress vest over that,  a cute sway to him as he trotted to the bar and sat down,  groaning as his rump hit the stool,  a little sore having had a sleep over up stairs.
i order a shot of whisky as the horse trots in and sits.
 he says in a shy tone he blushes cutely across his face downing his shot of fireball like a champ* ahhh love whisky.
i get my shot glass and down mine too, smiling over at Nectar.
Kane walks into the bar slowly, a bit shy and timid as the chubby blue wolf makes his way to a table and sits down, looking over at the crowd up at the bar and sighing, feeling a bit anxious with all the people around.
Nectar nods after downing 6 more shots of fireball apparently  drunk as I get up and stumbles into the wolf's crotch.
i pick up the femboy and I carry him away to my room.
blushing deeply across my face as I'm carried away.
i walk back into the bar after putting Nectar away in my room.
i sit next to Alpine and order another shot of whiskey.
i look over at Isaac, looking him over a few times.
it takes a moment to process what the equine just said, and then it clicked with me* oh, I get it. It's fine, just use Vaseline next time, it really helps. *i go back to my shot glass and down it, setting it back on the counter afterwards.
i can't help but chuckle a little as he confirms my thinking. Reaching over, I pat the equines back and rub it a little before going back to my seat.
i smile over at you reassuringly.
waving a paw.
chuckle and wags my tail.
The male Cherokee wolf walks downstairs and stretches a bit, wearing nothing but boxers as he head over to the kitchen.
A human walks downstairs, wearing black jeans, combat boots and a tank top exposing tattoos on his forearms and shoulders, a silver bracelet hangs around his left wrist..
i look at the human and i smile softly as i also looked at the goat female before getting myself a drink.
slowly knock on the entrance first and noticed that nobody noticed it as Renox sighed and open the door carefully and look walked in by looking around a bit as he hold his arm a bit shy while waging his tail in excitement* ~ i...i hope i am getting along here...~ *he was thinking to himself as he walked to a couch and slowly sit down alone.
the fox said as he yipes a bit by the sudden voice but relaxes soon as he noticed the otters figure and smile a bit.
He turned to the otter and stummers a bit.
he was noding in understanding as the fox slowly relaxes and lean back against the seat as he look at the red snake while ears fall flat behind by the tall and espescially long serpent as he gulped first and then waves a paw as a greeting* " ! W...wow...i...i mean...erm... hey there... i..i am new here..name is Renox nice to meet you" *still stuttering he growl a bit from his nervousness not to stutter.
he gulped a bit at the giant snake bit have to chuckle as he tries to call out his name as his eyes closed a bit in joy and his tail wagging softly from one site to the other as his paws slowly moved between his legs on the couch as he leaned forqard in excitement and interrest* "erm...can i ask ou something? Do you realy eat everything in one gulp? " *he asked a bit nervous but his red exes just show interrest and a will of knowledge.
i watch the conversation between the two of them as i chuckle a bit while the big red snake opens his jaws and the sharp teeth showed to both of us while i yipes a bit and gulp hard* "i..i guess thats a yes first of all...never mess with someone who can swallow you hole in one single gulp...but it is interresting that you are quiet the enjoyable type of eater when i can say that." *he layed his head a bit to the side and closed his eyes a bit curiouse by the first statement from the serpent* "Iam not usally common with folks who enjoy a good taste but when someone did i just have to node because thats what realy is great. Nothing is better to enjoy a good meal even if its just something small like a strawberrie the flavor is quiet sweet and fresh at the same time i love it~" *he smiles and his tail wags more from it as he murr and sigh in happiness as he look at him curiouse.
he smiled and his tail wags in excitement as he looked at the both males and blush a bit as Seri coiled around the otter and look a bit away shy as he coughes a bit and his ears fall a bit behind as he toke the cup of tea and sip on the hot liquid as he blinks in surprise and put it back while his lips smacking a bit from the honey and his tongue try to lick it off as he blushed more in embarresment before he licked all off and gulp a bit.
he gulps and blush a bit as the big serpent come closer and he then realise how tall he realy is as he looked up at him with a nervouse smile and node a bit and lay his ears back.
he mumbles and wags his tail a bit in excitement and smile a bit.
I chuckle at svel as i look over to him and blink a bit by the story.
i chuckle and smile soft.
Smile a bit at the snake as i look around and notice the quietness in the room as i slowly rais my voice while i admire his scales and bright red colour.
I smile and look at his big claws which is the size of my head and throat as i shiver a bit under the touch and gulp a bit as my tail wags and i quietly murr a bit.
chuckle as he slowly drink up his tea and walked a bit around and to the bar while the black tail waves behind him happy and curiouse.
I say as I walk in and goes to a couch sitting down and picking up the news paper to see what chaos has brewed today.
i looked at the Wolf and smile soft as i wave a paw from the bar and and wag my tail a bit.
I look up from my paper seeing you waving a paw. I smile and wave back.
i smile and get me a juice to drink a bit as i wave my fluffy tail a bit while walking to the fridge before look back at him over my shoulder with a smile.
I smile getting up and walking over to you and sits next to you while taking in the scenery.
i smile and wave my Tail a bit as i look a bit deeper into the fridge and grunt a bit as i smile bright and find some before i grab myself two glasses and get our drinks to the bar and give you one glass with coconut milk while i sip a bit on my pineapple-juice and murr quietly a bit by the sweet taste on my tongue as i look at you.
I smile wagging my tail as you set a glass with the coconut milk in it in front of me licking my lips taking a sip.
i chuckle and wags my Tail a bit as i lean a bit back on the conter of the bar and turn my front to you as my black and red fur is visable for you before i look around a bit.
scratch my neck and look at him as i bush a bit in embaressment as i look a bit away and i take an other sip from my juice.
lounges on a sofa with a soft sigh, staring off into space.
I smile warmly looking at your black and red fur before drinking half my drink and nodding to you*yes I can show you around and give you a tour of the rooms*I get up from my seat and waits for you to do the same.
i smile and jump off the chair as i wag my tail a bit and drink the rest of my juice and put it on the bar as i walk up to you.
I ask as I wag my tail slowly.
chuckle and wags my tail a bit at the idea of a real forest inside a house.
leaves a cookie and runs away.
noses her way out of the bundle of blankets and pulls the cookie under the covers to eat .
I smile and nods walking towards a hall of doors, each of which are a different color and style. I walk to the dark green door with celtic knotwork and opens it. As the door opens you can smell the fresh scent of trees and quite sounds of a ancient forest.
I smile and nods walking towards a hall of doors, each of which are a different color and style. I walk to the dark green door with celtic knotwork and opens it. As the door opens you can smell the fresh scent of trees and quite sounds of a ancient forest.
i blush a bit and lay my ears a bit behind shy before i walk into the door and my eyes open wide as i look around and sniff a bit inside the room while closing my eyes and enjoy the fresh smell of green leafes and the thick wood from the trees* Wow~~ i..its wonderful and so peaceful *i murr quietly and look around as i wag my tail in excitement and slowly walk a bit deeper but then stop and look back at him.
sneaks up and leaves a plate of cookies.
I smile walking in behind you closing the door sealing ourselves into this timeless place. As you look around you get a sense that you are in a vast area where trees seem endless and the animals a wise aura of spirituality. You look up and are met with what appears to be the night sky but realize that the ceiling must be enchanted.
i look into the ceiling as some of the stars appears on it and lighten up the dark forest as my red eyes shine a bit next to you as my tail waves from one side to another as my ears peek up and i slowly sit down on a rock nearly before i look up at the sky again and lost myself in thoughts.
I sit on the ground next to you while the gentle breeze fluffs the fur on my chest and shoulders.
i smile and look at you as my tail lays flat over the rock but you could only see the white tip while the black fur is vanishing in the darkness* I ask myself if there were more wildlife before our time... and what kind of species excists at all that we don't even know i guess i sound a bit crazy and ask to many questions *i chuckle nervous and lift my legs on the rock and hug them with my arms* well..i...it sure feels nice on my cheeks i guess... *i smile a bit and look a bit away not to stare at you.
I look up at you as I relax back with my arms behind my head lifting my eyes to the sky* many wish they lived back when the world was larger and more mysterious. Where animals are more plentiful and numerous. But I have to settle for this room and my imagination. *I sigh peacefully.
look at you and smile a bit bit with the thoughts still in my head i didn't noticed another brise of wind running through my red throat and cheekfurr while my eyes glimming in the dark.
Wake up in the forest room and slowly murr a bit as i rub my eyes and look around while yawning a bit.
the small slender cheetah is sitting cross legged before you, elbows on his his knees and pink-padded paws folded under his chin, he peers inquisitively at you with focused brown eyes from beneath a dark and visibly soft and cozy hood of his sweater. His tail is flicking slowly, up and down along the floor.
I looked surprised at the cheetah with my red eyes as i peeked up my ears as i wag my black tail with white tip as i jump of the rock and wave a greeting with my black and red paded paw while i wear black shirt and jeans while my cheeks and throat could be seen by his red fur colour.
he tilts his head up, peering up at the red fox with the most minimal of movements. He cocks his head to the side ever so slightly. A soft smile tugs at the side of his smile as you wave and wag that tail, his own continuing its unperturbed motion..
i smile and sigh happy as i look at the cheetah again.
The feline gives a non-committal shrug, a sly smile stretching along his lips.
i laugh a bit and wagging my tail in joy as i close the distance between us.
he watches you approach, his hood moving subtly as his ears twitched and folded under them. He stuck his tongue out at you.
I chuckle a bit and smirk as you show me your tongue as i lay a paw on my hips* you are a quiet funny one huh? Don't you learn that its rude to do that? *I smile and wag my tail.
scoffs softly and smiles, rolling my eyes a bit* Me? Rude? Perish the thought. Yeah, I suppose so. I usually don't leave the chateau due to the heat. Makes me lazy. *my tail flicks and twitches against the floor.
i chuckle and relax my stand as i let my tail just hang and sigh a bit.
I pad around the chateau a little bIt. Taking in the sights, and trying to find someone to play with. I eventually get tired and retreat to a oversized pet bed made specifically for feral bears. I lay down and curl up grunting as I do so. I look around and grunt, before I fall asleep. I start to huff and snore loudly while asleep.
i slowly bow as a goodbye to the cheetah and slowly walk out of the room as i scratch my neck a bit and walk through the chateau and find the pool area on the lower part of it* ! T..They have a pool in here?! Thats sweet~ *i smile bright and quickly undress and lay my clothes together and to the side where they don't bother anyone as i walk into the warm water that my black and red fur gets wet in an instant and i relax completly while murring soft.
i noticed the small dragon and blush a bit and sit a bit right up and hide my lower parts with my fluffy but wet tail as i lift one paw out of the water and wave it to the scaly male.
i smile a bit and chuckle as i close my eyes a bit and relax in the pool while enjoy the warm water.
i say with a smile as i blush a bit by the view and the little show you put on by the undressing while i try not to stare and gulp a bit by the apperance of your body* i hope i don't bother you...cause of the fur and such hehe *chuckle a bit nervouse and smile a bit .
i blush a bit more and let my ears fall a bit behind a bit  confused but surprised* A..A glimpse? w..what do you mean by that? *i gulp a bit and lay my paws on my legs and try to hide what you might have seen as i smile a bit to you to be polite.
i yipes a bit as my thoughts assume to be correct as i blush deep as well and gulp a bit as i lay my paws to hide my privates as i look away a bit shy as well but try to cool down the awkward moment.
A cute white chubby cuntboi foxy walks in shyly with femboi cloths on. He takes a seat next to the Dragon...he orders fireball shots...he pours some into a shot glad then downs it without flinching.
looks at the Dragon with a shy smile*  hello I'm elan* says the cute foxy as he downs another fireball shot.
talking like I'm half drunk half buzzed as I wave back trying to not get to slutty or sexual.
a sleepy cheetah makes his way to the roof, the warm breeze still present even at night at the chateau, and he had nary a shiver as he emerged in the open air. He sighed at the apparent emptiness of the area, the balcony vacant, as too was the pool he walked over to the balcony and gazed over at the grounds, drumming his fingers along the railing contemplatively. He turns to look over his shoulder and looks at the pool, illuminated by the internal lights. It looked rather inviting. He gave a sigh, rolled his eyes to himself, and made his way over to it, casting off his seater and stepping out of his jeans and underwear as he made his way to it, his for, yellow, spotted, and lithe. Nearing the edge of the pool, he dipped a pink-padded footpaw into it. It was warm to the touch, very soothing. He lowered the rest of his form down into it, in the shallow end, where there were still steps for sitting, which he immediately mad use off. He leant back against the pool side, elbows resting on the pool lip as he swayed his legs under the water slowly, closing his eyes.
i yawn a bit and slowly wake up at the poolside curled together to a big fluffball as i slowly yipes a bit and smack my lips when i look around as i noticed that i am only clothed with my fur while i lay near my clothes and blush hard as i quickly  grab my pants boxer and shirt and put them on before someone could see me nude.
turns the corner briefly, the cat blinks, spying said fox before mewing softly with shock, turning back.
i yipes in surprise as you came over the corner while i am still in Boxers before i pull my pants bright red up and look shy at you.
is just as surprised, voice shakey as he keeps his back turned for your privacy* err- o-oh. I uh... Ok. No big deal... *he blushes, turning his head as soon as he's sure you've had time to dress* nothing I havent seen before... *he quietly approaches the edge of the pool.
i smile shy and blush as i walk a bit to you* t..that was a bit awkward... erm... f..first of all i am Renox *i smile and lift a paw to you for a shake.
smiles softly, also blushing faintly as he shakes your paw* please, call me Ash. *he fidgets softly, a tall 6'0" lithe birman cat, with long red hair, blue eyes, wearing a black tee and blue jean shorts.
i smile and stand with my 6'4ft before you as a black and red furred fox where the red fur reaches from my chest and belly you saw before to my cheeks as i finally wear my black jeans and red shirt.
he quietly tugs off his shirt, revealing more snowy white fur with a brown patch right in the center of his chest* nope, I'm new around here. *he hmms, fidgeting with his shorts button, which doesn't seem to want to release.
chuckle and noticed your struggle as i scratch my neck and gulp a bit and look away not to stare.
grumbles, voice loudening as he Yanks at the button and sighs.
i moves over to you and try not to stare at your white fur as i blush and look at your button while soon look away a bit to the side and fondle on it to get it open while it slowly but surely opens.
he blushes as it takes a good tug, and jerks his hips a bit before his zipper immediately rips open... But merely due to the shorts being too small for the poor cat, they finally fall free, revealing a pair of black speedos which, also barely fit and leave hardly anything to the imagination, at least in the rear, his paws move to obscure his front, his bubble butt easy to spot as he steps out of his shorts passes next to you and leans over the water dipping a paw in, glancing back with a smile.
i blush hard as i gulp and turn around to be polite and not to stare for my own safety as i sigh a bit in relief and try to get to another more safety theme that is not so awkward like the last few moments i was going through with the white furred cat* D...do you like it here so far? *i ask and look to the door where you before come in.
he quietly settles down on the pools edge, dipping his legs into the water and winces, shivering lightly* mff... I really gotta do this all at once next time... *he looks back* it's quiet... Not too busy... Yeah... It's nice. Kinda cozy... Though an active lifeguard would be nice *chuckle.
quietly lifeguards and reads the ongoing RP .
i chuckle at your wince and look back at you over my shoulder* i hope you are still in one piece. Don't want an ice block with catflavour that soon hehehe *i smile a bit and my ears peek up at the idea of a lifeguard.
blushes softly at the question* err.... Yeah... I guess it's just a bit ingrained in me by my mom. It's just safer. *he wrinkles his nose and hops in, curling as he decends, plunging himself into the water, before jumping out from under the surface with a gasp, his thick fur matting down heavily, making him look rather scrawny.
i smile and turn around to you and wags my tail as i laugh a bit my your matting fur* haha you look funny like this i guess everyone is changing a bit when there is not fluff in their furr anymore *i chuckle and wags my tail a it as i hilt my head a bit to the side and smile.
 glares over sunglasses .
 waves at wearing a two piece swimsuit in my blue panther femboi form.
he grins and nods* sure.... But it'll be kinda boring... *he folds this arms behind his back and lays back into the water, beginning to gently float across the surface, the black speedos wet and hugging tight to the outline of a thick sheath and heavy balls.
i chuckle and smirk a bit as i look over you and stare a bit on your bulge in the speedos and gulp soft while burning brigth red.
 smiles and walks over.
he sighs, fully relaxing into the water, looking just as content as one would in their own bed as he slowly is dragged around by the waves of the pool, stretching enough the water flows up over his eyes, fully unaware of the foxes gawking.
I slowly undress myself fully as i walk only clothed with my fur into the water and yipes a bit as i get intirely wet as i dive down and come up next to you and smile as i stroke your head a bit under water.
tilts his head up and blinks, smiling as he makes eye contact, blushing a bit* hehe, hiya, fancied climbing back in? *he leans back onto his feet, then his eyes widen a bit as he noticed the image skewed under the water and yanks his eyes back up, completely forgetting his clothes at the edge of the pool.
i smirk and smile soft as i follow your eyes and chuckle a bit as i shake my head at your question.
he nods softly, blinking a bit at the flirting, tilting his head before glancing down into the water at himself*o-oh! D-dammit I knew I should've looked in the mirror *he blushes even brighter, fidgeting a bit in place as he folds his arms into his soaking wet chest fur.
i smile soft and node at your question as i smile.
he blushes deeper as you compliment him, eyes glancing away timidly* m-meep... Heh. *he smiled embarrassedly.
i smile and blush slightly as i wag my tail under water and stroke his cheeks a bit* hope you feel a bit safer now with me by your side.
he blushes and nods, leaning into the naked fox a little before starting to lay back into the water* so you're just gonna stand near me? *giggles softly.
i smirk and look a bit over your white matted fur as i slowly move a bit closer and whisper.
he stares doughy eyed for a moment, blush becoming incredibly bright as you whisper.
i laugh and slowly move my paws over to your drenched fur as i lay them around your sides and pull you a bit closer to me as i look into your eyes while my own shine red at cause of the reflection of the water.
he leans into the fox gently, the water making him incredibly light anyway, fidgeting softly as you stare into his eyes, practically melting as you hold him.
takes a seat and calmly smokes my cigg looking around a seductive smirk painting itself across my feline features.
The tiger would turn his blue eyes to the ones speaking his eyes moving slowly down their bodies.
i smile cutely to the tiger blusbin a bit as his eyes looks at me. I nod soflty as I repeat again.
Snickers softly as I notice the blush my eyes not missing a single contour of the other make*well why don't you come sit on my lap then *pats my lap with a soft furred paw.
Murrs softly wrapping my arms around the smaller male my bulge becoming bigger as I feel his nice ass rubbing against it.
i say shyly as I feel your growing bulge on my ass.
scoots back into the room .
waves with a smile.
 wags tail and barks hello .
wags my tail and wave in the group and smile soft.
Makes a show of bowing to the lovely fires in front of me.
Gulp and blush a bit at it and wags my tail.
i smile as my fluffy foxtail wags softly from one side to another.
Smirks and wraps my tail around the Fox pulling him closer.
i chuckle and blush slightly and wag my tail as i look into the flames.
Smiles and gropes the smaller males ass rubbing my middle finger along his tight hole.
I gasps in surprise and blush hard as you rub between my tailhole.
Snickers softly and looks over at the Dragon before speaking to the Fox.
i blush hard and look shy at the tiger before i slowly stroke your sides.
Presses my finger against the Fox's tight hole before pushing inside .
I murr in bliss as i bite my lips at the fingers before i shudder harder at the touch before my pants bulge more as i whisper.
Whispers softly.
I gulp and looked shy at him and wags my tail a bit.
i ask shy as i look at both of you and my tail wags softly.
Looks at the Dragon curiously wondering if he's up for the challenge.
i smile and pet masons head.
smile and wags my tail.
 I slim built grey wolf in Jeans and I buttoned up shirt with the top two unbuttoned walks into the bar area and and sits down at a table from two in, off to the side. He pulls out his phone to text.
Walking through the charteau as walk a bit around in the second area and wags my red foxtail if zhere is anyone around.
i slowly walk back to the bar and take a seat before smiling soft and make me shot of tequilla with a fresh slide of lemon at the side of the glass and lick my lips whie giggle a bit.
a cute Cuntboi foxy walks in and sits at the bar next to renox already half drunk in femboi clothing as I loom at him with a cute drunk face a blush across his face and a cute drunken smile*  *hic.
i blink a bit as i saw the drunk fox and lay my head a bit to the side and smile a bit nervous.
hic* yeah I'm just a little bit horny and drunk hehe* he giggles as he smiles still looking cute with the drunk blush and cute drunk face.
i smile warm and wags my tail a bit as i take my shot and gulp it down as i glare over to the cute fox and smile softly as i lick my lips.
hic* fireball*the Fox said with a cute deep red blush across his face.
Stretches out lounging on the couch covering my mouth as I yawn again a bit of cum leaking out of my well used hole a blush covering my face as I notice it and the fact my loincloth is missing.
chuckle and pet your head softly and smile soft.
 hic* I'm elan*he giggles and Murrs cutely as I'm pet.
smile and wag my black tail softly* i am Renox~ nice to meet you elan *i pet you more and stroke your pointy ears a bit.
Murrs happily blushing cutely across my face.
i smile a bit and scratch my neck a bit shy.
hic*  I do t mind at all* looks up at u with big cute puppy dog eyes with my head down blush still visible.
Finds my loincloth hanging from the ceiling and blushes reaching up to get it my morning wood bouncing around.
i smile soft and slowly moves my soft black red-paded paw down to your cheeks and slowly strokes them a bit and chuckle.
 my scent fills the room*  sorry I get extremely horny when I'm drunk or high*giggles embarrassed.
Tilts my head confused at the clothing.
i gulp soft at you scent and blush as well as i look a bit around and smile soft.
 ears perk up looking cute.
smile a bit and wags a bit.
giggles cutely.
smile and grab your paw softly and walk aways.
comes to the bar, sneezing like a maniac, but covers his maw every sneeze.
i came back and chuckle as i reach out with a paw and a tesue to wipe your nose.
slowly with the paw outstretched for a yawn a red and black furred Fox slowly stretched himself in black jeans and shirt as he slowly stumble over to the bar as well rubbing his eyes and not noticing the canine as he sat down and lay his head on the Bartable before folding his arms and hide his face in them while sleeply murr a bit to relax.
i make my way into the pub, sliding down into one of the booths and resting me head against the table.
i lift my head as the drink slides over to me, taking the glass and sipping from it before setting back on the table.
i nod at the newcomer.
i smile at the new person and offer my paw to shake in greeting.
i ask with a sly grin, chuckling lightly.
i take another sip of my drink before laying my head on my arm, looking into my glass.
I pad into the castle, looking around, eventually seeing a familiar face. I run up to Svel and knock him off his feet from jumping off him. I loudly grunt at him, my tone is exited and happy at the same time. I look around the inside of the building and tilt my head then looking at Svel hoping fir answers.
Smiles and takes the presented hand placing a gentle kiss on his knuckle.
Snickers softly and pokes the two.
I slowly walk around the woods after i have left the manshion this morning after i woke up and hold his arms closed together by the scary and dark athmosphere while his dark tail was hanging down and his steps getting a bit faster from a loud scream far behind which echos through the cold night.
After a long walk through the woods i get lost between the thousands of trees and bushes as i sigh and lean on a creaking thin barked plant befor looking into the sky and whine a bit lonely* fuck...how do i even get back to the mansion....why did i left anyway? Oh right i want adventure...well now i screw it and even so don't know the way back. *Sigh and wag my tail as i walk more around and get a bit closer to the castle.
Renox walked trhough the forest and hear the screaming and struggle of Hvshi and quicky run to the direction as the red and black furred Fox reach the Point and gasps a bit and get closer.
The red fox finally reached the castle and walked inside while he is dressed with some dirty black pants and a little dirty red Shirts before i pant a bit from the hard time running through the woods for day and lean in the castle as he get something to drink first to clear his throat and gasps in satisfaction* Aaaaahhhh~~ that hits the spot *he graps another drink before walking through the castle and look around and went randomly in a room as he gasps and spurt a bit water as he saw the bondaged little guy and the wolf simblings.
he let the bottle drop to the floor as it spilled some water while the Fox gulped hard and blush hard before rush to hvshi and try to untie him from the collar and pull of the tap with care so he doesn't hurt the ittle fella and made him free so he can move a bit more and maybe could give him some explenations what exactly happened her while he smelled the scent of musk and male sex which makes his body a bit flatter as a little shudder run through his spin as he looked to the freed guy.
he blushed a bit and gulp in embaressment by the view of the nude and he guessed nearly fresh filled belly but try not to stare at it and sigh with a little smile before he jumped a bit by the sudden doorshot as he turned to it and look around quickly in a bit of panic as he noticed the hissing in the room and in the last moment notic the blob from the cieling as it hits him and as he struggle a bit in fear before try to get rid of it with his paws and growl a bit.
as soon as the black red furred fox noticed the situation and the fact that all the struggle was useless he calm a bit down but and blush a bit as he noticed the creatures gender and could guess where this was going as he grunt a bit uncomfortable and lay his ear back and he noticing that the warm liquid slowly shows an other fact as his own sheath is bulging a bit in his pants from the warm feeling before looking up to the snake like creatur and wanted to say something but muffled something with not realy revealing what i was saying while my black white tipped tail was wagging a bit behind meas i huffed .
The fox gulped and blushes hard as he was looking to the serpent as he licked the slit of the other one and open his eyes wide by the big tongue of the creature before his pants tighten more and the pants slowly shows a wet spot on the black jeans which slightly is darker then the rest of it before he murr a bit from the warm liquid running over his fur.
The clothes are melting quiet quickly from the strange thick slime my my shaft is coming free and exposes itself to the others as i noticed it and blush hard but soon as i did it i felt the warm and wet tongue from the snake as i moan soft and grunt a bit in pleasure while my ears fall behind from the tickling sensation* ! Oooohhhhhhh~~ y..your t..tongue f...feels g..good *i murr soft and bite my lips as my length twitches soft and slowly grows a bit more and reaches full mast. The last clothes melted from my body as my red furred balls dangle free before the two of you.
Renox moan soft and pant a bit by pleasure as he feel the tonguedick at his own member while his cockslit opens by the tube and let in invade and enjoy the pleasure that he was recieving before his cock pre inside the snakes mouth and feed it to him as my tail and body shudders in Lust while his member gets more and more hard by any second.
The fox moaned soft as your eggs filled his fluffy balls and hide them inside as his knot swell by the intense pleasure as he bucked against his head before he pant in pleasure and pre more inside the serpents mouth and on his cocktongue while it milked him so good that his toes curl and body shudders hard bringing him closer to his climax.
panting heavy from the ordinary sucking and tonguework Renox collapse on the ground as he felt the slime run off my fur and  slowly shake still unsure what to think as he try to stand up with on his shaky legs and run as good as possibe out of the room while his balls are bigger then before as he gulp and look around finding a sigh of a bathroom while he took a glimpse of an indicator for one and stumble over the castlefloor shaking and still overwhelmed by the pleasure and his clothes gone from the slime.
 a male white Fox wearing femboy clothing he is a cuntboy wearing a pink belly shirt with a cute chili Fox on it that shows off his cute chubby stomach he has purple and white stripped arm warmers that show off his girly arms a miniskirt that shows off his feminine curves and butt pink panties to cover his clit and thigh socks to show his meaty thighs...he walks in and sits down in o.e of the castle rooms on a bed wondering if someone will stop in.
After a good Shower the Black Fox roamer around the castle while his red eyes shine in the dark a bit while he have the positive ability to see in the dark because he is a fox* am i here all alone? *i sigh a bit and walk a bit around and padded down stairs as he saw a strange figure but could make out from the far that it is a member from here as well who is searching something as he slowly stepped closer with a smile and close his eyes and vanished nearly full in the dark as he reached the brown white furred Wolf and tap his shoulder.
The black fox slowly yawns a bit and woke up in some sort of meeting room before he stretched himself and bend bend some of his muscles he stood up and walk out of the castle into the forest and look around in the dark what he might find by the little walk.
He got himself a new shirt which matches his red eyes perfectly and his black jeans wrap around his waist a bit tight but that doesn't care him much as long he feel comfy the outfit also toned his hips and his feminin spots and touches more while he wander around the land.
As the Fox hear the echo of the howl his eyes open wide and as a shudder of fear runs through his spine and he fall on his back before quickly stumble up on his feed again and run for his life cause he feared the howls of so many wolfes that he might die tonight as he run in a oppisite direction but try to hide deeper in the forest and try to climb on a tree.
Renox gasps quietly as he forced his mouth shout with a paw and whine into himself as he watched those three broad build canines wander around under his tree he keeped quiet but blushes a bit by the view at the males and female in their naturel appearence as he closes his legs a bit to betrayl his needs not to make any sound or move he will regret later.
what he didn't expect to happen was that a dry leaf fall of the tree and slowly fall to the ground...well it should but instead land on the females shoulder which left the fox shocked in fear as he noticed the falling leaf.
Renox gasps in surprise as they found them on the tree and shrug back at the bark as he coward himself together in fear that they would tear him apard devore his flesh alive and then burry him somewhere in the forest where no one will ever found and see him again* I..I d..don't believe you! y..you are monsters of this forest right? So you are just around to find another midnight snack and that would be me if i would come down *he yelled stammer in fear and panic as the little show of the wolves make the situation even worse as the black and red fox blushes hard as they all fondle themselves and gulp hard as his black jeans bulge more which let the young vulpine clench his teeth together.
T'Sara's need to bottlecap rises!.
The Vulpine gulp as he slowly saw the tips of the big males and blush hard as he looked around and come to think that he would never get out of this situation but to oblige cause he would be die there in thrist or hunger as he slowly climbed down the tree with his paws in front of his lower parts as he faced the three wolves while his ears are droped behind his head and his arousal gets stronger by the scent of the male and female lust* i..d..don't w..want t..to die...t..thats all... *he stammers as he looked at the small pack.
the red and black furred vulpine gulp hard as he feel the intime sheath of the male worgens and bush deep as his tail showed his interesst by waving a bit from one side to another before his eyes darted downwards as well and the flesh of the big wolves come into his view while the fox wanted to say something but get lose of words and instead bite his lower lip by the massive build males he was oblige before his paws shudder in excitement and slowly stroke the surface of the new found partners he was running away from.
yawns a bit and blink as i walk down the stairse as the red black furred fox saw the too and blush hard at what he was sawing and smirk a bit as he murr soft and hide behind the corner and watch the show a bit.
am watching all with my camera sky.
Walking down the corridor, not failing to notice the peeking red fox, chuckling i sneek behind him and grip his asschecks, whispering on his ears* Peeking is a bad habit boy, why don't you join the fun downstairs...? *Hugging him against my white and black striped furred chest while purring softly.
he murrs quietly as the red dragon goes down on the birds horsecock and bite his lips as he looked the show and nearly jumped at the sudden touch as his ears fall back and  gulped hard at the sudden touch on my cheeks* i..erm..j..just w..wanted to g..got caught by the show...and...erm...w..well.. *stummer as he looked over him and still has bright red cheeks.
still hearing the both of them he gulp more and just wanted to watch further but he can't cause he was caught in an awkward moment as his crotch is getting bigger while he tried to hide the excitement from toboe while his tail wags behind him more.
Nibbling the fox neck pulling him toward my tiger chest while grinding my own bulge against his red butt.
i gasps in surprise and murr out as you nibble my neck as his cheeks burn red and his faced turned to him while his breathing gets hotter and heavier as he feel the tigers bugle grinding against his black ass while his own erection twitches softly.
Softly slides a hand under Renox underwear fondling his asschecks and groping them while with my other hand i pinched his left nipple.
he gasps out louder as he pinch his nipple but muffles himself not to moan as his bulge twitches hard from the touch before he stretched his butt a bit more into his paws and looked back at the white tiger while cover his muzzle from the hot breathing.
Slowly licks the red fox neck, while slipping his boxers down his legs, exposing his butt and sheath.
my lenght twitches completly hard between my legs while my balls hang freely below it while you can see my lightly feminin curves and black ass as i wag my tail a bit and wrap it around his waist to pull him eagerly closer to me while my eyes look down at him.
Purring loudly i grab your boxers and use them to tie your ball sack, standing behind you and pulling your balls tightly with the boxers, forcing you to stand up too, immediately after grabbing both of Redox arms and keeping them locked on his back.
i statter as i lug back at you and gulp a bit as you pull on my balls and locked my arms together as i was forced to stand and slowly stumble forward as the feeling on my own jewels between my legs let me murr a bit in excitement.
I walk into the room my tail moving seductively from side to side my tip poking out of my rather large sheath I walk towards a chair my hip swaying as I walk .
Forcing you down the stairs in front of me, not caring your hard cock is fully exposed and your nuts are tightly squeezed between your legs, so you press them a bit more when walking.
i grunt a bit while walking and breathing heavy by the squeezing as my cock throbbing a bit more and a bit of precum is showing on the tip as we made our way down to the other to males i was peeking on before while my ears fall flat in embarresment.
i pad into the room, and look around. I see all the event unfolding, and begin to start panting. My cock starts to come out of it's sheath, becoming rock hard. My big plump balls, ready to empty into the one I deside to breed. I quickly pad over to Stripes, I stand on all fours facing in front of him. Still panting, I start making horny little grunts and huffs.
Smiles a mischievous grin as my eyes alight upon the bear before me I reach out my tail to carress the feral`s chin lust pollen flowing from my mouth as I become aroused.
Walks Redox into the hall and forces him on his Knees in front of Blaze and Firebird.
i blush hard as i gulped and look up to the white tiger clearly embarresed by the situation* i..i promise to never do this again *i beg as my throbbing cock twitches softly between the red foxes legs.
Brings Redox to the backyard.
Brought Redox to Firebird and Blaze.
I continue to pant, and look at Stripes. I cannot take it anymore, I start to hump the couch in front of Stripes..
nothing to do but follow his lead as i was forced to do so and gulp ashamed as we saw the two other males nude as i slowly look away a bit.
Snickers and moves around the bear going down on the floor reaching my soft furred paw to stroke along his thick feral cock my other paw tracing the feral`s puckered hole.
I keep humping, my cock throbbing, and twitching as I thrust. I grunt, and groan with pleasure with each hump. My balls slapping my cock, or my taint as I hump.
Grabbing Redox head and bringing him close to the cum soaked crotch.
reaches down rubbing a little lube along my hole bending over the couch beside the bear lifting my tail my hole twitching at the thought of being stuffed.
I gulped hard and shudder as toboe pushed my face forward to the other males crotches as i sniffed a bit before getting more excited.
I stop humping the couch, and hop on Stripes. I shove my huge long cock into him without hesitation. I groan in pleasure, and begin to thrust hard, and fast. My thusts are very hard, and animalistic..
Throws my head back growling in pleasure my hips slamming me back against the lust filled bear my fleshy insideS rippling along the large bear meat slamming into me I reach my tail around pushing it against the ferals hole.
I continue to fuck you in my hard, and animalistic pace. My cock plunging balls deep then barely pulling out every thrust. Giving your prostate the beating of it's life. I start to shoot precum into you, groaning loudly with each shot of pre.
Digs my claws into the couch my eyes rolling into the back of my head my tongue hanging out of my mouth drool leaking down my chin as my insideS grip the bears dick in a vice like grip milking every inch.
Forces Redox in his four and drags him to the big bear for him to worship him too.
i gasps as i see the big bear and the other red black striped cat before i blushing hard and look at thos two and gulp hard before my tail wags a bit from the forcing of the tiger as my ass is in the air and my front on the ground.
My thrusts get slower, but much harder. As I thrust hard into you, enough to shake the couch. I begin to leak a little cum. I thrust hard, three more times, cumming hard into you on the third. I roar out in pleasure as I cum, finally emptying my balls, and finding a mate. I finish, and pull out, i pad in front of Stripes. I lay down, and begin to lick his face to comfort him. I start grunting to try to talk to him.
Sticks Redox face into Stripes well breed hole.
Lets out a feral roar as I feel the bear getting rougher my legs shaking as I feel him begin to cum my own cock gushing seed as my belly swells from the bears thick musky load.
i gulp hard as i was forced to stripes hole and slowly extend my tongue as my ears are still flat before i slowly run my tip along his cum dripping tailhole and gulping it a bit as my own cock twitches hard between my legs and i slowly close my eyes as my licking gets more confident and i licked up some more slicky bearcum as my tail begins to wag more and faster in excitement and by the strong musk.
My eyes widen as I feel the muzzle between my ass cheeks.
I keep licking Stripes' face. Occasionally grunting, or huffing. I nuzzle him, and curl up. Not going to sleep, but finds the position comfortable.
Leans down licking the bears cum covered cock my hole twitching against the invading muzzle before running my tongue down the shaft to the balls before licking the bears hole.
i murr soft as i feel the thick and slick cum running down my throat and gulp hard while i spread his asscheeks more to get a better access and let my tongue invade your hole even deeper as i lick it nice and deep not to waste any of the bears tasty seed.
I start to pant again, as Stripes licks my cock. I enjoy the feeling as I'm constantly getting serviced by someone today. I growl at Stripes as he licks my tailhole though, not liking at all that much.
Notices the growl I move my muzzle back up to the bears tip licking it a few times before pushing it down my warm fleshy throat moaning as I feel the tongue invading deeper into my tender hole.
i moan softly and slurping a bit on your musky ring as my wet tool running over your walls past it and rubbing them gently but eager with my tongue as i reach down with my own paw and gently wrap it around my own cock and gently stroke myself as i pre a bit more on the ground panting softly from excitement.
As my cock is swallowed by Stripes, it starts to twitch, and trob in his throat. A wide smile is on my face, felling the need to breed again. My balls start to fill up again, my balls becomming plump, churning full of musky, delicious cum. I thrust my hips out of instinct, now breeding Stripes' mouth.
Gags as the thick meat slamming into my throat my tongue rolling along the shaft savoring te taste my hole spreading for the tongue to work my insideS .
Kneeling behind Redox i smack his hand away from his cock before fingering his hole with two thick lubed fingers.
i moan soft as i can't think straight much more as i stroke myself a bit faster as i gasps at the paw of toboe and  licking stripes entire hole nice and clean but don't stop to serve the musky ring while my own hole is beeing stuffed by the fingers and gasps a bit bit not complaining at all.
I keep thrusting, my cock twitching more. I start to shoot pre again. Groaning loudly as I thrust.
Gulps down the hot precum grinding my hole against renox's muzzle panting around the thick meat my eyes rolling in pleasure.
i moan at the grinding and moving my toungue even faster inside your needy hole shoving my muzzle against your butt and my own against the other tigers finger and moan softly my the sensation beeing used as a sextoy to serve others as my own throbbing cock twitches hard and pre a lot on the ground.
Switches his fingers for his big tiger cock, rubbing it between Redox asschecks before sliding it in without warning, hilting that black meat all in one in the tight fox's hole.
i moan softly at the sudden change of his fingers to his cock as he pushed inside and making me look back at him as my cheeks burn and my tail lifts itself from the pleasure as i bend down a bit and push a bit more against your waist and murr gently at the feeling my cock twitches hard and throbs more pre on the ground creating a puddle of lust.
a bbw black panther kitty with blue highlights in her hair wearing cute showy cloths that show off her curves.
Picking up the pace, soon pounding Redox hole with my 9inched tiger cock, making sure to bang his head deeper into stripes hole, trying too plug his muzzle in it.
I finally cum into Stripes' mouth, filling him completely. Finally emptying my balls. I pull out of his mouth, and curl up next to him. I start to fall asleep next to him, making sure my floof is touching him.
Murrs and guzzles the bear seed savoring the taste.
i grunt in pleasure and moan softly as my tigth ass is wraping its warm self around toboes length and massage it with soft twitches while the hard pounding rubbing my prostate rough and my body rocks at your thrusts as my tongue drill deep inside stripes tailhole licking him even deeper as i open my muzzle wide and clamp it around his butt thrusting my tongue even deeper inside him.
My eyes go wide as I throw my head back in ecstasy my hole clenching around your invading tongue.
Says as i keep breeding your not so tight anymore hole.
i moan louder at the hard pounding of the white tiger as i keep licking stripes eager wet hole more and deep wiggle it against his clenching and making him more and more slick as my ring slowly twitches harder and my knot is swelling from the hard fucking and the taste of stripes tasty tailhole.
Moves Renox from Stripes no longer leaking hole to the bears cum coated cock.
Slips my cock into renox laying under him as I thrust upwards.
i moan and gasps at the sudden cockchange but doesn't complain at it as i buck my ass on his throbbing cock squeezing it around my walls as good as i can manage before i start panting heavy and droll a bit on his chest making me riding him while my own throbbing prick is slamming with my furry balls down your belly and grunt in pleasure.
Smirks and wiggles my tail at renox turning it into a cock with an evil giggle before stuffing it into him as well.
i gasps as i feel the hard tailcock pushing inside me as well and hilt my head to the neck and moan out loud in pleasure as my cock twitches more and getting rock hard as i shudder in pleasure from the sensation making me grasps tight in his chestfur and grunting more as my tail wags fast while my musky ring clamps a bit from the intruder.
Growls softly moving my tails in and out faster my knots popping in and out precum gushing into your bowels from both cocks.
i moan soft and murr soft while pushing down on your throbbing cock murring in pleasure as my cock twitches even more gruntiing in pleasur as my throbbing length slap on your chest while my hole massage your big knot squeezing it more while your pre make me even slicker.
Whimpers softly and leans up suckling your tip in your maw I grab your hips holding you in place as I start slamming in and out of your tight hole my knot pounding into you with each thrust only to be tugged back out.
i groan in pleasure and droll more on your chest and head as you start to suck on my hard prick which let me shudder hard in Lust while my had hilts back and my hips start to buck in your hungry maw and your fat cock and moan louder.
Slaps my paw across your ass leaving a mark as I speed up further groaning loudly around your cock as I grow close slipping my other cock tail into my own hole ramming both our prostates in unison.
i groan louder and panting heavy as my body shudder more and cock twitches hard against your tongue leaking precum from your tip as i was overwhelmed by the pleasure and couldn't take it any more and cum hard against your throat inside your muzzle while i cry out in exctasy and let your knot sink inside me letting your feel it squeezing hard.
gasps loudly blowing my own load deep inside your bowels my legs shaking as all my cocks fill you up your tummy swelling till it looks like you're pregnant as I continue to thrust my seed leaking from your hole and making a large puddle on the floor.
i moan and murr softly but loud as i feel your hot seeds and thrusts inside my belly and push back with my waist as my seed covers your fur and colour it a bit white as i lick your throat softly making myself shiver at the pleasure.
Pants softly laying back my eyes filled with pure lust.
i smile softly and murr soft as i pant softly and lick your cheeks.
I slowly wake up in my room. Very time but wanting to explore. I get up from bed. And walk to the bathroom mirror. Looking at my hair and I begin fixing it. At the moment I'm just in my underwear. But oh well. I'll find clothes after dinner. I fix my hair and walk out to the hallway. Looking back and forth. Then I begin walking to the elevator.
Renox slowly walked out from the living room and stretched himself and push the button from the elevator and wanted to look around more to explore as much as he could.
I approached the elevator and press the button. Hoping to get to the kitchen to grab some grub. I wait there for the elevator to approach.
I run up to Selene, grunting happily. I nuzzle her and sit next to her. I look at Sioux, and grunt happily at him as well.
The young canine comes down stairs wagging his tail. He pads up to the counter as he yawns and stretches..
The young canine sniffs the air and smells the scaley one. He runs off to find him only to smile. He runs back to the bar only to start a fire in the fireplace. He hangs a few blankets up to get them heated for when the scaley one arrives..
The young canine wags his tail only to come up with an idea. He runs back up to his small room only to come back down with a small blanket. He holds it out to the Scaley one as he wags his tail. He offers it out only to smile lightly. He brings the blanket to his own muzzle only to blow a purple flame across it. The once black blanket slowly turns purple from the heat. He smiles and holds it out once more as its a blanket designed to heat up but not burn with the pups fire..
He lowers his ears as he feels he has upset the Stallion. The young canine puts the blanket that is currently covered in purple flames on the floor before running off to hide. As he runs off he leaves behind charred paw prints on the ground with every step..
The young canine pokes his head out from around the corner as he watches the stallion and the Serpant converse. He sneaks past them heading to the bar. He pilfers around a few moments looking for something only to start to get upset as he can't find where the bartender hide it this time. He finally smiles as he pulls out a large bottle of orange juice. He bounds back to the fireplace and sits down only to lean back against the burning logs of wood. He sighs as he opens the bottle of Orange Juice and takes several large gulps only to wag his tail watching the other two. The young canine doesn't realize his tail is slowly making the fire brighter and hotter..
The young canine looks at the Serpant only to wag his tail.
The young canine sniffs the air as he hears footsteps echoing in the halls. He looks around to figure out which hallway the paws fall. He keeps sniffing only to lower his ears as he doesn't recognize the one approaching..
The young canine bounds around the hallways only to bounce off the walls as he rounds the sharp corners of the corridors. The young canine leaving char marks on the walls and floors as he follows the scent as he looks for the strange. He finally finds Vermin only to pounce and sniff him. He wags his tail as he found the one he was looking for.* Hello mister *He gets off of Vermin only to pad back to the fireplace to sit back down once more. He lays back against the burning wooden logs as he groans in contentment..
Insert prior comment here.
The young canine finally gets tired of the silence and gets up only to wander outside. He pads back inside a few moments later with a couple crickets inside of a jar he found outside. He lays down by the fire again as he listens to the sound of the fire and the crickets chirping..
The young canine pads around the massive castle all alone as he waits to hear the footsteps of others.
Finally gives up on finding another soul in the large castle and pads back to the fireplace only to lay down on the burning logs before closing his eyes. As the pup sleeps the flames of the fire glow a bright purple keeping him warm in the cool chambers..
Renox walks out of his room and wear his ordenary black jeans and a black shirt with a dragontheme while his jeans are a quiet tight fit he walk around the castle and into the bath as he slowly undress himself and take a good shower to geht himself clean while he murred a bit by the sensation.
Perks his head up as he hears someone turning on water. He jumps out of the fireplace and shakes off the ash he takes off bounding through the castle to look for who ever is awake..
he hums a bit under the water but soon finished his shower as he step out and dry his now matted and a bit shyning black fur with a towel before ending up in a furrmess* ...great... *he sighed and start brushing himself.
The young canine stops by Renox's room only to sniff under the door. He wags his tail and takes off running back to hide in the fireplace.
Once Renox gets out if the shower. A big, feral, bear wakes up. He makes little sleepy grunts, before seeing Renox. Remembering him from yesterday. I pad over to him, and start happily grunting at him. I nuzzle him as well, seemingly very affectionate.
While no one else is around the young canine jumps out of the fireplace and hides his blanket before returning to his fireplace..
The black red bellied Fox finishing his brushing and get dressed again as he stepped out and instantly get nuzzles by the big feral bear which makes him blush a bit but smiles as he petted his head softly and wags his tail.
I jump up on Renox playfully, in an attempt to lick his face. I lick his face when I get the chance. My saliva smells strongly of honey.
The young canine hears the bear and fox only to jump out of the fireplace. He runs around till he finds them with the bear on top. He pounces both of them with a hug before taking off running once more. The young canine left a ashy wolf print on the bear and the freshly washed fox.
i yips a bit as i fall to the ground beneath the strong and heavy feral as i giggle a bit because of his licking * h..hey~! bah~ not my muzzle big boy not everyone likes honey that much like you do *i laugh and look at my messed up fur and sigh while shouting a bit angry.
The young canine quickly curls back on in the fireplace. He giggles and laughs as the fire begins to glow purple once more while the pup laughs almost uncontrollably.
I back off, and tilt my head at the fireplace. I start to grunt at it.
look at the big bear as he slowly stood up again and smiles.
He pokes his head out of the fireplace only to look at the bear and yelp as he hides back in the ashes. The fire glows slightly brighter.
The young canine sniffs the air and lifts his ears as he hears footsteps. He gets up and wanders around only to sneak up behind Klaus as he pokes his nose inside the room with the fireplace. HE pounces him only to leave ashy paw prints on him before running back to hide inside of the fireplace..
The black fox stretched himself and slowly talk downstairs to the kitchen as his muzzle showed a little smile before walking into the kitchen and waves a hello while wagging his black white tipped tail for everybody while his feminin touches showed himself to the orca and the wolfcoon on the curves of the vulpine.
The black coloured fox slowly walk to the fridge and got himself a glass of fruitjuice and walk right back to the orca and the wolf hybrid and sit on a seat next to the couch with a thud and sigh in relief as he looked to the other two males and waving his tail a bit happy.
Pads out of the fireplace and stands up wagging his tail as he looks about the room. He peers through the window as the sun begins to rise..
Looks around as it appears everyone has left. He gets up and pads over to the bar to steal another bottle of orange juice before the bartender can hide them again.
The young canine looks about as he sits on the couch drinking his Orange Juice wagging his tail. He is keeping his eyes out for the bartender..
The young canine sits on the couch and continues to drink the container of orange juice as he watches the bear. He wags his tail as she lays down as he debates on pouncing her but soon decides against it as he continues to finish off the container. He pads back to the bar only to place it in the trash with the other one. He comes back to the fireplace and yawns only to lay down on the logs. He pouts a moment as the fire was almost out. He blows a purple flame on the logs reigniting them once more. He curls up on the logs as he closes his eyes.
A big bear is sleeping in the middle of the room. He is curled up in a big pet bed, made for bears. He is snoring loudly, amd if someone was close and was listening they would hear the bear mumbling in his sleep.
Getting closer to the bear wanting to hear what he is sayinf in his dreams, also try get a grop of that bear balls.
Mumbles* ....Hibernate......Winter come.....But must breed....Give cubs...... *Goes back to snoring, he starts to try to reach for something with his big paws..
Getting closer to the sleeping bear failing to notice the big paw coming my way until it was too late and it grabbed me like and iron vice.
I pull Toboe into a bear hug. Slowly tightening my embrace.* ......Mate?.....That you?.....*My mind is basically shut off in my current state. I would basically believe everything I was told.
I start to pant, my cock starts to grow hard. I start to talk in my sleep* ...No Hibernate.....Must breed.... *I start to open my eyes a little bit.
I start to pant more, and start to bend Toboe over. I shove my big bear cock into his ass. I let my cock feel it's warmth before I fuck him.
Grunting and panting as the bear very slowly bends and slides his huge cockhead inside my loose hole, which prevented it from being ripped by his huge cock, feeling it throb as it keeps growing harder and bigger inside my hole.
I grunt happily, and moan. I start to fuck him slow but hard my fucking gets faster. Until it is fast, and relentless.
rolls dice in the background.
The young canine sneaks out of the fireplace only to run around the bar of the great castle. The young canine opens cabinet after cabinet till he finally finds his prize. He finds where the bartender hide the Orange juice. He steals a bottle and pads to the circle of furniture surrounding the fireplace. He sits down not thinking about the ashy paw prints he is leaving behind. He sits on the couch and slowly drinks the juice while looking around as he is prepared to hide upon hearing the footsteps of others..
The young canine looks at the bear as he has watched her many times from his hiding place. He pays little mind as he knows the bear won't tell the bartender on him. He giggles a little to himself as he knows the bartender still doesn't know how all the orange juice disappears every night while others are asleep. He wags his tail watching the big bear lay on the large dog bed. He jumps down from the couch once he finishes off the large container of juice. He pads back to the bar only to throw the container into the trash can. The young canine stretches as he pads back to the fireplace only to crawl inside. The young canine seems to disappear into the ashes as the flames grow in heat and brightness..
The young canine sees the stranger only to freak slightly as he had not heard him walking through the great halls. The fire in the fireplace begins to glow a deep purple for a moment..
The flames grow orange and yellow once more. The young canine crawls out of the fire place as he shakes off the ashes. He pads towards the stranger only to stand up wagging his tail slowly..
The young canine looks the stranger over as he wags his tail slowly. He smiles lightly as he steps closer only to sniff him from a safe distance.* So...*He looks around the room only to lower his ears.
He looks around and thinks its safe. He runs to the bar and steals a second bottle of Orange juice. He bounds back to the couch only to sit down next to the older canine. He opens the orange juice and drinks it every time the older canine takes a sip..
The young canine finishes off the bottle rather quickly. He gets up off the couch and pads back behind the bar. He puts the bottle in the trash before wandering off to explore the castle. The young canine leaving char pawprints on the ground as he walks..
the black fox slowly walks around and yawns a bit before he walked into the big room with the pool as he smiles a bit and slowly undress his shirt and Pants wearing just his underwear while his tail wags a bit in excitement and his red collar is clearly to see as his Shirt came off* Hmm... a nice bath sounds like a good idea right now~ *he talks to himself with a low chuckle and slowly undresses completly but keep the collar around his throat as he slowly steps inside.
The black fox slowly yawned and rub his eyes as he look around and stumble to behind the bar not caring that he was still only in his undies as he lean into the fridge and search for something to drink.
Wakes up hearing someone walking around..
The young canine crawls out of the fireplace shivering. He lowers his ears as the logs have burned out while he was asleep. He runs outside to find more wood for the fireplace..
The black fox slowly wander around the castle and walk by the bar as he noticed the unique clothed otter and hilt a brow as he first watch him a bit curiouse about the reason why he was here while his clothes are normal as ever but wearing a red collar with a golden sighn with a insignia which forms the letter 'R'.
Renox chuckles and smile a bit as he walk to the bar and slowly take a seat and wags his black and wide tipped tail.
The young canine comes out of the fireplace shaking off the ashes as he pads behind the counter to search for the orange juice.
Yelps as he is hit by the bartenders tail. He jumps back as he looks up at her rubbing his nose* But I have no money *He hopes the bartender doesn't make the connection to all the empty bottles of orange juice left in the trash every morning..
The young canine is wearing a torn and burnt loin cloth. The young canine pads over to the ash only to blow a purple flame into the ash making it disappear. He pads back to the bartender only to lower his ears.
I begin to wake up, and pad around. I eventually see Blitz, I go over to him. I try to strike up a conversation, trying my hardest to talk. All that came out were grunts. I seem to have a very happy, friendly tone.
Spots the bear only to give it a hug.
I grunt happily. I then nuzzle him, seemingly to get his attention.
The young canine drinks his juice before nuzzling the bear in return.
I go to my big pet bed. I grab something, and bring it to Blitz. It's a ball, very bouncy and great for fetch..
He looks at the ball a moment before tossing it down on if the halls.
I run after the ball, bumping into a few non breakable things. The bear seems a little clumsy. As he finally gets the ball, and bumps into the couch before bringing it back. He sits on his haunches and looks at Blitz, expecting to be petted..
I awe as I walk into the hotel, quietly sitting at the bar.
The feral bear wanders around the city. Very lucky he has not been seen or reported by animal patrol. He wanders into the lobby of the Cat Eye. He goes to the front desk, and supports himself on two legs to greet the staff. He looks worried, and starts communicating in the only way he can: grunting. He starts to basically beg for asylum here, not wanting to stay on the cold streets of NYC. Without anyone to play with, or give affection..
I sees Jason, and pads over to him. I start to grunt at him my voice seeming sad, and desperate. Basically looking for a owner. Someone who will take care of me in the hotel. So animal control didnt take me away. I nuzzle Jason, and make a whimpering sound.
The young canine runs around the hotel looking for a fireplace only to lower his ears as he can't find one.
I follow Jason to the elevator, similar to a pet. I begin to grunt happily as I realise what he said. I try to stand on two legs to lick his face to show my appreciation.
 Also seemingly a little too exited. I start to jump up, and down. Huffing happily with each jump. My tongue flopping around in my mouth. Able to be seen through my huge smile.
The young canine finally goes exploring the other floors. He makes his way into the bar area only to spot a fireplace that is unlit. He pads up to the fireplace only to blow his purple flames onto the logs until the fire starts. He smiles and sits down almost on top of the burning logs with a sigh of content.
I follow him into the room. I go on two legs and lick jason's face. Grunting happily, i look at the tv to see a show about bears. I tilt my head, questioning the possibility of a bunch of smol bears in this box. I start to grunt to greet them..
Notices the bartender isn't around anymore. He gets to his feet and sneaks behind the counter to find the orange juice stash of the hotel.
The young canine finds the stash only to open up a bottle of orange juice as he downs it behind the counter.
He looks at kage and rolls a bottle to him as he sits there giggling.
Gulps thinking they are busted.
the young canine walk in the lobby with his suitcase to find good room with view, so he wait for somebody at lobby desk.
he goes back to drinking the orange juice.
He Blushes and shakes his head.
He takes the orange juice happily. He drinks the second jug with a small burp as he finishes it off. He smiles and Wags his tail slowly.
I smile and hug.
Yelps as he is hugged. He feels like he is being hugged by an ice cube.
Gets up as he pads to kage holding out his paw as if to help him up.
casually walks over, dressed in full police blues. My pistol is holster in its usual spot on my right hip. A shield shines on my right breast, just above the pocket. I appear to be wearing body armor. I have a piece of candy in my mouth, a lollipop. My long black hair is pulled back in a top not and my blood red lion fur is brushed and clean..
Stands kage up but quickly pulls his gun back out.* No weapons * the pup blows a purple flame over the gun as it crumbles into ash on the floor. He hugs kage before crawling into the roaring fireplace.
Steps out of the fireplace only to pounce kage.
He nods and licks your cheek as he heads back to the bar to find more juice.
The young canine comes out of the bar and wanders around the large hotel.
The young canine pads around the hotel as it appears everyone went to bed.
The young canine yawns as he crawls out of the fireplace. He shakes his footpaws off as the ash falls on the floor. He stretches and rubs the back of his own head lightly. He pads slowly to the bar only to look for the bartender..
the orca walks from her room to the pool in a cute one piece bathing suit with a diamond cut out to show her belly and belly button she sits in a lounge chair and sighs as she closes her eyes hoping to catch the eye of another sexy fur.
A chubby crux walks into the Room with black skin tight jeans pink belly shirt pink and white striped arm warmers and black and white mid top sneakers he sits on The couch and blushes a cute red across his face acting shy in front of the others.
the crux nods back as he tries to say words but is really shy he looks at the cute dog and blushes deeply finding the dog attractive he has a cute deep red blush across his face...he finally gets the courage to say.
The English Terrier walks over in front of the Crux showing absolute confidence in his demeanor, though he's not one to show-off just wasn't his thing though. Noticing the blush of the Crux he walks over and leans down as he licks your blushing cheeks. Before pulling away and gazing at you..
blushes deeper my face red as a tomato as you lick my cheeks I start to Kurt a little without knowing I'm murring * hehe sorry I'm really shy but its really nice to meet you* he says while acting cute and being absolutely adorable.
He asks outright with a devious smirk, not phased by the cute and adorable Crux..
he says nervously you can tell he's a bottom by the way he is dressed and the way he talks as his face lights up like a tomato again .
He asks being an escort wondering if he was gonna get a client, before looking over at Kage curiously..
 looks at kage.
he says shyly as kage looks at me I blush cutely across my face.
Blushes deeply across my face*nice to meet you to*I say shyly looking cute and adorable as I talk to kage.
 the Crux says with a cute head tilt as he looks at the other anthro looking around the room.
 the crux giggles as he blushes across his face cutely again.
He giggles and hands him the exact change.
The hound smiles sweetly and poiltely takes the money exchange, before placing it on his right side of his black speedo, before asking.
he asked politely as the anal virgin Crux giggles and blushes deeply across his face again.
follows gladly as Im led to the dogs room.
you hear the high pitched rev bombed engine of a 1989 Suzuki gxsr 1000 comming  Down the street as someone pulled out in front of me I park it in the parking lot and walk into the lobby with full motorcycle gear on as I still have my helmet on the gator roo walks up to the front desk waiting for to get his room.
Sighs* guess the guy that's working here is busy* he says with a muffled voice due to his helmet* I'll just wait then until he gets back*he says as he sits in the lobby starring out the window starting to day dream.
The young canine crawls out of the fireplace only to shake off the ashes. He stands up only to begin wandering around the hotel in search of anyone awake..
couch* horsecock *couch.
In the lobby area, a huge feral burr is padding around. He has a very tired look on his face, and looks ready to fall asleep any second. Uet he cannot, because he is not very good with new places. He wished he had someone to comfort him, or play with him until he couldnt stay awake.
 the red dragon Blaze was checking the new place out, he had been looking forward to the nice change of scenery. As he got to the lobby he saw the familiar feral bear looking really sleepy, he had yet to actually talk to the bear .
My reaction is slow, as I turn to face Blaze. I start to grunt, and huff trying to speak. My noises even sound tired. My eyes start to close halfway then open back up. I start to make a little whimper towards Blaze. Asking him if he could help me. Or play with me to keep me distracted.
 I sit down beside you on the floor and start to slowly stroke that fur of yours calmingly.
I start to grunt happily as you pet me. I begin to lay down, my eyes barely open. The method seeming to work very well..
 I stroke your head gently .
I close my eyes, and begin to sleep. After a little bit, I start to snore a little. I seem to start dreaming, as I go on my back. I seem to be having a good dream, as I start trying to swat an imaginary object with my paws. All while grunting happily. A smile spreads across my face as I dream.
 I smile at the cuteness of your dreaming, I stroke your stomach a little bit and gets a blanket which I cover your body with.
I use my mouth to cover myself up in the blanket. I go limp, and continue to dream. Not as much movement, just happy grunts, or nuzzles.
 I decide to leave the bear at the moment and go back to scouting the place, hoping that i might bump into anyone else in the process.
 lonely dragon wanting a short rp .
 I say and jump a bit closer to the fox on the couch.
i walk along the streets and I see a female sitting at the bus stop. She looks absolutely lost so I decide to be a gent and help her out.
I head downstairs and i yawn hard, popping my neck.
Loud padding, and be heard through the hallways. The door to the stairs open, and out comes a big feral bear. He is wearing a thick leather collar, and he is holding a leash in his maw. He goes up to the wolf, and looks up at him with the leash still in his mouth. He seems to look happy, but needing attention.
I grunt happily, and nuzzle Alpine. I then start walking in a random direction around the city. A few pedestrians scared of me, as I try to greet them. I seem very happy as we walk.
I see a large area full of trees, and grass, Central Park. I start to walk towards. Grunting happily as I do so.
I start to run around freely grunting happily. I realise Alpine isn't near. I start to grunt out to call for him. When that doesnt work, I roar trying to get his attention.
walks in and sits at the lobby in the hotel.
 Peeks in the door..
A feral bear is in the room Remo peeks at. He is gathering a bunch of pillows, blankets, and other things of the sort. He puts it all in the middle of the room.
 Being polight, i give  a bit of a knock.* Hello, Alright to come in? * All you say was the red fur of my face and long black hair..
The bear pads over to the door and opens it all the way with his paw. I see the familiar face, remembering how nice Remo was in the past. I start to nuzzle her, and grunt..
 I smile and nuzzle in return comming in.* Well i guess thats an invatation then. What have we got here? * I stand before the pile of pillows and blankets..
I grunt trying to communicate with Remo. I start to pad over to the makeshift den. I also show him my stash of food. The stash is very large, enough to feed me for a long time. The room is also dark and cold. It seems like I'm preparing to hibernate.
 I remimberd i was able to comunicate a little in the strange grunt speak the last time, so i try again grunting..
I nod, and begin to yawn a little. I start to stumble from my own sleepiness. I look at Remo, and nuzzle her. I grunt again, stumbing again. trying to resist the inevitable feeling of deep hibernation.
I smile and grunt crawling in to your den before you. I gigve a bit of a giggle, .
I slowly pad over to my den. I lay next to Remo, looking at her with tired eyes. I get close to her, and snuggle up to her..
 I purr and snuggle back. A Nap would be good. Lions however did not hibernate so it would not be long in to you deep sleep before i was up and about again..
My feral form is very interesting personality wise. He seems like a child, yet an adult. He kinda is acting like a child in the sense of not wanting to sleep. Yet like an adult for knowing that it was inevitable. I start to grunt in a very tired tone* ....Don't.....want......sleep.... *Trying to resist hibernation as much as I can.
 I smile sweetly stroking behind your ears. I begin to hum softly.* Shh Sleep now. * I sum a sleepy song sniggled up to you..
I yawn as I hear the humming. Along with the pets. My eyes start to close, and begin to curl up. I smile as I begin to sleep. I start to grunt in my sleep as well..
 i stop hummind as you fall in to your sleep. i listen clocely to your words as i lay with you..
I uncurl myself and wrap my arms and legs around Remo. My sleep talking has a more exited tone to it.
 I started to get a tad worried, as i would parish and or be hella fat befor the winter was over.* Do you understand me while your asleep? * I say in grunt..
I start to look worried* .......Not bear?......Not mate?.......Mate not with me?......*I open my eyes, they are glazed over. I look worried, and get up quickly. I start to roar loudly, calling out for my mate. I start to tear up a little as I search.* MATE!......MATE!.....COME BACK! *I eventually give up and lay in the den crying. I hide my face with my paws as I seem to feel really intense emotions in this state.
 I still curl up to you hug you and pet you as you do all that. I curl up with you still as you begin to cry. I do my best to sooth you. I feel like utter crap for spoiling your fantasy of me. I was prabably an even bigger dick for not telling you before. I had tryed but you wouldent hear it.* I am sorry. * I start to cry too..
I keep crying, still from my hibernation state. I would believe almost anyone was my mate uf they played the part right..
 I wipe my eyes and sigh standing up and looking like a storm cloud fucked up my day. Nolonmger able to comfort the bear i walk to the door..
 I say wiping my eyes again and sniffling..
 grabs my mail genitailia through my pants..
I finally get over my sadness, and pad over to my food stash. I start to eat a lot of food before looking at the mouse. I pad over and sniff her..
 I shrug taking the offerd tissue. Being a lion i was not a small person my self. I was a bit shocked to see the bear walk over to us.... and then be pounced. My mouth dropps open..
I finish sniffing her and start padding somewhere else. Over to Berold, she called out to me. I sit in front of her grunting out seeing if she would understand my burr speak.
 No longer the center of the bears atention i walk out of the small room and in to the hall where i sit on the floor up against the wall..
 I sigh getting up again walking tward the livingroom, not knowing what else to do. Downcast i slick my long black hair back and wipe my moist eyes with the back of my red fured paw..
 I said finding a spot on the sofa to sit down.* My name is Remington, Or Remo if you rather. Sorry for not introducing my self back there, and grabbing my self like that. It was rude of me. * I take a deep breath and let out a long sigh. giving you a bit of a smile..
 I smile softky and hold out a paw.* Nice to meet you Zwillow Hail. * I had not meant to be rude, i had just not figured out how old you were untill taking a more, direct, look at you in better light..
 I shake a little in return, being very gential with her small paw.* As an officer of the law, i am bound to protect. * I can see ans smell the fear rolling off you and my smile is warm..
The feral bear pads around the room. Abandoning his idea for hibernation. The bear has always had a problem with hibernation. So he does it in very small intervals throughout the year. It makes him become delusional makes him imprint on people. He feels bad but can't help it. He pads over to the outside of the building. He lays down looking depressed. He hides his face with his paws as he lays.
poke someone butt.
Flops in front of Drake and the others.
The bears walks into the room wearing camo pants, and a white shirt tucked in. He is also wearing a belt with a buckle that has a hammer and sickle with " " engraved in red letters. My tucked in shirt shows off my muscular physique and unfortunatly my belt.
I look at Kaito and approach him. I look him over, and grin. I talk in a subtle Russian accent* Hello *I extend my big paw.
I shake paws with you in a almost formal fashion.
I chuckle and pat Kaito on the shoulder* You funny, funny guy. I like you, we should go out for a drink sometime. *I look at Alpine, amd beckon him over to us.
I extend my paw to Alpine.
i head downstairs with nothing but my boxers on and i survey the area. To those that have never seen who i am, i am a 21 year old Male Cherokee wolf, pansexual and a switch, canine cock, and loves sergals and dragons.
 Blaze the dragon was sitting in the hotel's common room and sat on the couch in front of the tv, switching between Channels trying to find something interesting.
 A Dark Blood red lion sat there on the sofa on the loby of the motel watching T.V He held the long remote out in one paw as he flipped channels. He was dressed in tight blue jeans and a white T-shirt. His long black hair was down passed his belly button and he seamed bored and tired. He was thin but not overly muscular  and if he were standing he would be about sixfoot two..
 There is a cooler of beer at my feet and a jar of penuts sitting next to me on the sofa. I look over to the new person for a moment. Not gawking or anything, She probably wouldent be interested in him anyway. He lits a couple of fingers and nods at her in greeting. I settle the chanel on old Bugs Bunny cartoons..
Yeah, it had been as he thought it would be. Not even so much as an acknowledgement of his existence. He wondered if he smelled bad? He checked by lifting one arm and sniffing his own arm pit. Hmm that wasn't good. He was a bit ripe. The A/C in his room had gone out a few days ago and the motel had been booked up so they couldn't move him to another room. The television was busted too, so he had held up here for the last couple of days while he was laying low. This sofa and little analog TV were becoming his best friends. Maybe he should go take a shower, his hair felt greasy and he did not smell to good. He stood and brushed the penut shells off of himself and slowly made his way back to his to hot room for a to cold shower..
A feral burr was outside of Remo's room. The burr looks at her and grunts happily. He approaches him and nuzzles Remo, along with a few other signs of affection. The burr seemed happy to see the lion. Hoping to get attention from him, or at least get him to play with the burr.
 I say reaching down to pet and scratch as I squat down in front of him, I smile but it does not quite reach my eyes. I hug you around the neck tight and stand back up.* You bring your ball, or toy? * I said to my apparent partner in crime..
When he pets me loud happy grunts fill the air. I nuzzle toward her pets and scratches, as well enjoying them. I grunt and run to a large pet bed, and bring back a little bag of pet toys. A ball, a lazer pointer, and a collar and leash..
 look and see all the things you brought back. Assuming you wished me to use all of them I put on your collar and lead. They were woven out of black and red nylon cord and we're very sturdy. I take the ball and the laze pointer. I hold the ball up for a moment and smile again. I give the ball a toss down the long hallway. .
I stare at the ball watching it's every move before it's thrown. I sprint after it, with a huge smile on my face. You can hear the grunts fill the hallway. Until I get the ball, I put it in my maw and return it to Remo. I sit on my haunches and look up at her with it. Hoping to hear the two words that made him so happy: "Good Boy." He liked being a good boy.
 I say snatching the ball from you and holding it up again. I give it another good toss. This time in the other direction..
A wide smile spreads across my face as I'm called a good boy. I see Remo hold up the ball again, and literally jump for joy. Jumping a little so exited to play with him, and fetch the ball for him. When he throws it I run after the ball, making sure I get it as fast as I can. I find it and bring it back to Remo, doing the same as last time. Hoping again to be called a Good Boy. Funny how a big feral burr is so set on being a friendly pet..... Most of the time..
 seeing how much you enjoy this I say "good boy" with a lot of enthusiasm. I grunt in your tongue.* Now ready for something tricky?* I grin, my smile actually reaching my eyes as the play makes me feel better..
I nod with my big goofy smile. I grunt in response also. I see Remo smiling so much, it makes me so happy, happier than I was. I like to please my friends. Being a good biy for them makes me, and them happy. Doesnt sound like much, or a little ridiculous, but that's life.
 I grunt tossing the ball harder and faster this time..
At first I try to sprint after it, my large smile plastered to my face. I then stand on two legs to go get the ball. Once I get to the ball, I look at my forepaws. I grab the ball with it, and get on two legs. I start to stumble, and wobble around, but manage to bring the ball back to Remo. Standing a few feet above him holding the ball in my forepaws. Looking down at Him and lowering my paws offering the ball..
 I take the ball from you reaching forward and up scratching your chest..
I get back on all fours and grunt iut my answer. Hoping he will understand that I would like the lazer pointer. I jump up and down in exitement, as I wait in anticipation to catch the little red dot. Hopefully I get it, like a good boy.
I say with a smile. I set the ball down and pull out the lazer pointer and aim it at the floor. I push the button and the little red light flashes on to the carpet and with a flick of my wrist I send the light down the hall. .
the lazer glitters off the pendant you have around your neck, just below the collar..
 I unlocked the door to my room, and in the light of the setting sun I strip and close the door behind me. I step in to the bathroom and turn on the shower..
Looks around confused.
plays with your floppy ears.
steps behind and waits for the wolfcoon to make his selection.
 Is up in his room, and for the first time in a long time he is getting blitzed out of his mind. Sitting there with the bong to his lips and inhailing deeply. It bubbles and he lifts the bowl to clear it, and he holds his breath for about 10 seconds befor letting out a big cloud of smoke..
He scoffs and looks away.
He growled and then got out of the ropes easily and punches the remote..
the sound of a loud 900cc crotch rocket can be heard as a nice blue white and yellow suzuki gxsr comes into view and parks in the parking lot the fox then gets off the bike and walks into the hotel as she still has all of her gear on plus helmet so u cant see her face she acts kinda shy as she rings the bell at the front desk, she looks over and sees the snow leopard sitting by herself she waves but the leopard cant see the foxy through her black visor she waits for the bell hop to bring her backpack up to a room she is going to be living in for awhile.
Blinks, looking around curiously.
is still wearing all of my biker gear as i walk out of my room and down into the lobby i take my helmet off to show my cute foxy face im aparently wearing all leather motorcycle gear as i see two new faces and waves to them.
my dirt bike my ktm 300 xc-w two stroke dirt bike still in the parking lot as i see a new commer come into the hotel the foxy waves.
waves to alpine in my motorcycle gear* hello there sir *she says with a cute blush across my face.
she says with a giggle still blushing at the cute wolfie .
she giggles cutely still blushing cutely across my face.
Trips and falls into the room.
noms on all for no reason..
I'd walk up to the ball looking over the substance and inspecting it trying to figure out what he left and what was it for.
dives under the table shaking.
offers you a drink.
Its simply mineral water.
he noticed her smile and gave a smile in return figuring he was walling into something but unable to resist he continued.
A large feral bear pads into the lobby. He looks at the cheetah and slowly pads over and hesitates he seems shy and cautious. He grunts out to her seeing how she'd react.
He is very hesitant to get closer, but does it anyway. He slowly sniffs her paw then backs away a little grunting again.
I slowly but surely gets closer to Selene. He looks nervous, knowing how bad his first experience with anthros were like in this city. At least he was safe in here from the Animal control and tranquilizer darts from the zoo officials thinking a bear got out.
He smiles as he hears this and starts grunting happily as he gets ear scratches, loving every second. Still being consious of his surroundings.
He grunts louder and in a more exited tone. He likes this anthro and her petting. Evident from his head gravitating towards her paw as she pets me. He sits on his rump as she pets him. Putting more trust in Selene.
The bear enjoys the petting for a few minutes before smelling something from all the way across the hotel. He grunts happily and his stomach starts growling. He wants to go after the food so badly but doesnt want to leave Aofei scared of everyone else but her. Still showing fear of anthros because he flinches everytime someone pets him.
 the feral golden retrievers nose twitches in delight as the scent of warm food coaxes her forward. Fluffy tail wagging behind her like a banner she trots across the wooden floors toward the kitchen, pawing at the door lightly when she finds it won't open.  The bitch huffs and sits down, tail fanning across the floor as she peers intently at the double doors of the kitchen in hopes of food appearing. .
The feral burr pads around the lobby. He seems to be waiting on something as he lays sprawled on the floor, playing with his ball. He seems quite bored and in desperate need for a playmate.
tall, young looking male husky, wearing black jeans and turquoise shirt is sitting at the corner of the lobby, reading his book.
He sees the husky and starts to slowly back away from him. Seemingly shy of new people. He starts to chew on his ball as he feels nervous about the husky.
The husky didn't even notice the burr and continued to read his book.
He hides behind a shelf and looks at him. He starts making gentle sounding grunts towards him.
Notices and looks over to him.
He hides as soon as he is seen. He starts to reluctantly get out of his hiding spot and pad closer to him.
he was constantly looking at him.
the burr blushed as he padded closer. He stops before getting too close. Looking down .
He still carries the ball in his mouth, but doesnt really do anything with it. He hopes to play with the husky, but has been shy of new people sense he had been chased by animal control that one time.
A big burr pads into the room. He is in his anthro form for the time being, and is wearing a simple jeans and white shirt. He seems well groomed though. He walks over to the bar next to Drake and orders a Jger. He has a Russian accent when he talks.
I watch him intently drinking my Jger..
He makes a mental note of that..
I mess with something in my pocket, and pull out a lighter..
I start to smoke a little. And finish my drink and get up without any other word.
When I walk away I pull out a voice recorder out of my pocket and send the recoding to someone. I talk to the recepiant in Russian.
I go and look it over.
After a brief moment to read the letter it explodes.
a shy wolf walks in, wearing a black button up and some loose fitting jeans for comfort, making his way to a table away from the crowd, a bit nervous to be social as he normally is, eyeing the crowd curiously before looking down at his paws, twiddling his thumbs.
he looks up curiously at the feline, his tail tucked behind him as his ears fold back shyly.
he continues twiddling his thumbs as the feline places herself at the table, his submissive nature causing him to look away, clearing his throat before speaking.
the wolfs tension visibly fades as he begins to relax, nodding slowly at your suggestion as he looks back up at your, curious as to what has come over him.
he nods and takes a small sip, wincing at the sudden kick of the alcohol, clearly not used to drinking.
the wolf scans the room slowly and stops as he notices the individual reading his book, thinking it seemed strange to be doing so in a social place like this.
the wolf looks away quickly, a bit embarrassed to be caught staring, and deciding to stop bothering the handsome canine.
the wolf continues taking a few sips, getting a bit used to the aftertaste of the alcohol.
the wolf takes another sip, sitting back in his chair.
I take notice of the wolf making a similar entrance like I did.
 i take notebook out of his backpack and he start to brainstorm while writes on the notebook.
I continue to gaze at him curiously as he scribbles, tilting my head slightly as I study him.
I stop writes as he feel somebody watches me then his head turn around to who watches.
I blush softly and look down at my lap as you take notice, embarrassed as my ears fold back.
I sit straight up, slightly startled as I look up at you, unable to speak for a moment as I become flustered, gulping softly before opening my maw to speak.
 I chuckles softly, keeping look at canine while put bag down on the floor beside me.
I look away for a moment and try to gain my composure.
I smile back and look up at the canine, relaxing a bit after seeing his smile.
i sway the tail behind me, he look at drinks on shelf.
I smile up at the canine and take another sip of mine, my cup almost empty now.
i nods gently.
I start to relax as the alcohol kicks in a bit, being a lightweight wolf.
I look at the canine.
I giggle softly and finish the rest of mine, looking up at you and smirking.
I take a few swallows and stretch, relaxing against the back of my chair.
I look up at as you speak, interested in my knew found friend.
A big feral burr pads out of room 728. He looks at Drake, and happily grunts. He nuzzles him and lays down at his feet. Obviously knowing him as a kind wolf, acting almost like a pet owner to me..
I look up at him and start grunting telling him all about my day. Mostly just trivial matters that would seem fun for a feral.
I tilt my head and nuzzle Drake. My feral form checked me in, but I was here alone. I think I'm here with Drake. He seemed to act like my owner in some way. Like I'm his pet.
I grunt out in approval and jump up and down with my forepaws.
The bear eats the food in a rapid manner. He then laps up the water from the bowl. Grunting happily as he does so.
pretends he didnt get chats mixed up and slinks to safety under the couch.
strips to dark blue bikini briefs.
she looked up from her phone with a giggle "oh my gosh! This new boy, was like totally checking out my ass! He's sooo cute!" She laughed..
nuzzles and notices your bulge.
 Half naked, dressed in only a T-shirt and undies, i lay face down on the sofa, dead asleep and snoring loudly. there were beer cns on the coffee tble, along with a half smoked joint. My long black hair is spread out like a fan on my body and and the sofa and my blood red rump fur was free for all to see. Someone had given me a wedgie in my sleep..
 I flap one of my arms at the rude disturber of such blissful sleep. I mumble and grumble..
 I turn and look up at you slowly, my eyes still full of sleep and a little confused..
 I smile a bit peeling of my T-shirt, I was an avrige build, nothing tp be super proud of. Not skilly not overly muscular. My undies were striped Blue and black. they were tiht and new looking..
 Supprised at the quickness at which you got on top of me. I kiss back as i am kissed and rests both paws on your hips.* Heh yeah. That or Remington is fine. * My own bulge swells in my undies..
 I huff and pant, my paws moving back to your rear. you feel my claws poking you as i moan up in to the kiss, grinding back against you, quickly growing hard..
 I say panting softly raching forward to rub  and stroke your cock through your underwear. I groan grinding my self up in to the crack of your ass..
 I blush deeply as you scoot up and press your bulge in to my face. i moan andpress my muzzle in to your crotch, licking that hard shaft through the fabric. i whimper a bit and take a deep breath of your musk, kissing and licking you, making your undies wet with my tongue..
 I giggle and blush still licking your cock as i slip my undies off..
 I growl and moan eagerly taking your cock in to my muzzle. I reach up and grip your ass pushing you all the way down my throat. My own cock throbs and twitches for you..
 My cock was a good size at nine and a half inches. I murr bobing my head on you. I move at the same pace you do, licking, nibbling here and there. .
 I put a little saliva on my finder and press it against your pucker softly. i rub a little still bobbing and sucking. you can tell i am enjoying my self and i moan as you push your head back down on my cock. I leak pre in to your muzzle..
 With a little push i push that finger inside you slowly. I burry my nose in your pubic fur as i do so..
 I pull my finger free of you and double my efforts with your cock, deepthroating you with every bob of my head, opening my throat for you..
 Focusing on getting you off i grip your ass tight, squeesing my eyes shut as you hump in to my face. I whimper and moan eager for you. My own cock throbs wildly and i begin to hump up in to you as well..
 I moan drinking you all down my throat. I wrap my legs around your head and start to thrust in to your face hard and fast..
 I whimper and grunt cumming down your throat..
 I pant and smile laying there naked..
 I take thm and put then back on. Standing up and smiling..
 I follow you nd crawl in to bed with you . I murr and purr pulling you close..
 I say smiling and kissing on your neck..
A human male, about 5'5" and ginger barreled into the hotel, wearing a black long coat and leather gloves, clutching a briefcase close to him as he catched his breath. He approached the counter and talked with the receptionist, clearly upset about something as he talked and debated with her, but it wasnt entirely clear what. He soon gives in and decides to sit and relax, plobbing down in a lobby chair with a glass of water in hand.
Sets his cup down as he notices the bear approaching, finishing his swig and wiping his mouth dry. He now talked a notibly more calm and soft spoken manner as he greets the bear.
Slowly reaches his hand out to the bear in a friendly gesture.
He goes back to minding his own business for  now, looking around in a somewhat inpatient and anxious manner, but farely calm otherwise.
Looked curiously and gestured the bear over.
Decides to follow her upstairs, his own issue not going to be resolved for some time anyways. He didnt really know what they were looking for exactly, but figured he could at least help by trying to find anything that would look important, person or thing.
Starts to slowly back away, not wanting to further scare her.
Started backing further, giving the bear room to move past him, figuring now that there was a mixup and she didnt really want his help.
Felt sorry for her but figured he couldnt really do much to actually help her. He eventually returns back down stairs and heads to the receptionists desk. He's much more calm now then before, his problem having now been resolved and starts to head towards the elevator, glancing over one last time at the bear as she sits in her corner.
A dark panther with blue hair named Syles watches the rave from the back of the dark room sipping a drink and glancing at any of the cute boys who walked by him.  Smirking as his orange eyes flashed and he wore a dark shirt, jeans, and a few glow bands on each hand.  His tail swishing gently.
Syles growled softly vowing to punish the otter for this later, but he did set his drink down and stepped on stage smoothly joining in on the dancing on stage as he joined behind Svel, paws curling around his waist.  " Remind me to get you later for that!" he yelled over the music.
Syles hypnotic orange eyes gazed into a few dancing furs on stage, alluring them to meet up with him later that night in his hotel room as he slipped back into the shadows only to appear next to Svel again yelling a song request.  Then his graceful body slipped back into step and twirled leaving colorful streaks of light with the glowbands.
i head inside and i shudder a bit.
Coming over with a brrom and cleaning the mess you just made as you were on the way of ruining yet another punching bag, not saying anything to you yet, waiting for you to be at least some more exhausted, swinging my white tiger stripped tail in the air a couple times, nervous, but after having removed all of the sand and brought the broken sand back to our back offices to repair it, i couldnt pospone talking to you anymore, so grabbing a cold bottle of water and a clean towel i headed toward you and talked to you from the distance.
Smiling and offering a white tiger hand to the much bigger shiba* Soooo... Want some water? Or maybe a towel? *Offering both to you, now a bt more relaxed since you didn't seemed as dangerous as before, yet still being a bit cautious, not wanting to end like the sand bag, my white fur covered in black stripes whenever the black tank top didnt covered it, wearing just a tight running trousers to match it, which didnt make much of a work at hiding my muscled yet something lean figure and perky ass.
Never being much of an active person in the hotel as much before I decided why not make that all change. I headed over toward the big gym they had in this hotel and bumping into a few people and a cat that had walked in there as well I chuckled softly and stretch a bit and look around, passing by a hyena and a shiba not saying hi I find a spot and started doing some push ups..
As these three across from me were going on about something about magic and what not I was finished with my 50 push ups. Then I started doing some pull ups minding my own business still keeping my distance from anyone else around me and hopefully everything will go smoothly..
Sighing softly as now the three were slowly starting to annoy me. I bite my tongue and try to continue to work out since I haven't done so in a while, getting up to my 60th pull up, sweating a bit and grunting as I was starting to slow down at 63 but push myself to get to 70.
As I got 70 I get down and crack my neck and let out a soft groan and then sigh softly, sometimes I may get over sensitive but lately I've been wanting to be alone more. I drink some water and look at the two for a moment and head my way over into the showers to get myself a good cleansing before continuing on with my day..
Once I had a nice relaxing shower I head out of this gym being the only one of course. I think of what I can do next, looking at the time only being 1:00 in the afternoon I headed over toward the food court and got myself a small bowl of orange chicken and chow mein. I sit myself down and everyone else far from me I eat at my own pace and look around a bit and focus on my food being quiet..
I had noticed I didn't get my drink after a certain while, I went up inside to where the people prepare the food and snatched a cup and help myself to a drink. The chef came out angry and stopped me and said* "You can't be waltzing in my kitchen and helping yourself to my stuff." *I look down at the chef holding his butchers knife I roll my eyes and chuckled and simply say* "Well I'm sorry but I never got my drink so I may as well help myself." *I drink and throw the rest in his face and shove him away and walk out not tipping them since this was bad service the chef yelled at me* "DONT YOU DARE BRING YOUR ASS BACK HERE AGAIN!" *I said to him back* "I won't be coming back you won't have to worry about that, your place sucks balls anyways." *I clear my throat and make my way out to have a smoke and forget about what just happened..
He walked around the block and down the street, doned in a heavy long coat and skull cap, with a hotdog in one hand a bottle ginger ale in another, workig through the crowds on the street and making his way to the hotel while chowing down. He barely noticed the broken glass and wrecked cars mending themselves as he walked by them, finishing his food and tossing the bottles and wrappers aside. He waltz up to the front desk, flashing a card and aquiring a key before he makes his way to the lobby to sit down and relax a bit, warming his now red flushed skin and chilled bones by the fireplace.
cute lil feral kitsune walks along the ground and looks around swaying his flaming tail* ~yipp~ *lets out a yelp and trys to gain attention then begin the roll around and attempt to catch his tail.
Is hoping he gets approved for a Vallhund piece this time around.
Falls asleep in the lobby.
is always open to rp.
It sure was one of the coldest days to be in New York or anywhere else for that matter, you'd think Chicago would of been worse but New York had to be the biggest ice cube. I had on one of my Christmas sweaters that my mother gave to me long ago and it still fits me pretty well, I hadn't worn it since the last time she bought it for me but it will have to do. All fuzzy and red I wore a santa hat in spirit of the holidays as I slowly pass by a cute wuffita looking all pretty tonight, I smiled softly as I gave her a little glance wagging my tail before walking past her and say to myself* "My oh my she's a christmas miracle isn't she." *Though I was shy to even talk to pretty girls I sighed some and looked for something to do.
As I was about to move on to my usual day being alone every holiday my ears perk up and I looked over at the lovely wuffita and cross my arms chuckling again and nod* "And good evening to you, and you know it's a little colder this year, I've decided to finally wear my mothers Christmas sweater she bought me on my 17th birthday, *I stretch it out slightly looking at it and it was definitely comfortable and take a look at it for a second and chuckled more* "I guess I should of worn it more." *Then the little white fuzzy ball covered my eyes for a moment and I blow it back and went over to her while looking at the fox that was sitting there too and then smiling a little more at the wuffita.
I gave a bigger smile toward the wuffita and loved how she was in the real spirit of the holidays as I was, my tail would wag more as I keep a glance at her. I would not be paying any attention toward the fox next time me already falling in love with her. * "If you don't mind me asking, what is your name sweetheart?" *I would cut the fox off as he had asked a question..
Out of the corner of KJ's eye he could see a lonly feral bear. Aimlessly padding without anyone around to care for him. He is shaking like he is scared..
Then at the corner of my eye I would spot a feral bear padding about in the hotel all alone and seemed to be afraid as well. I then looked at the two as I got up and said* "Hold that thought." *I went over toward the bear and kept distance a little as I kneel and look him in the eye and speak softly.
I look at KJ and start padding backwards and making grunting and huffing noises out of fear. The bear seems to be almost domesticated. Similar to a pet if sorts. His old owner raised him from a cub and still acted like one..
I say as I watched the bear move back some while grunting and huffing. I think for a second and one thing that could work was offer some food, so I take a steak from the buffet of this hotel and hold it.
The bear looks at Kaito and pads towards him my demenor more calm. I start to sniff Kaito a little before making happy sounding grunts. I nuzzle him and lick his face.
I tilt my head at Kaito's question. He is unfamiliar with Christmas. He only known a few things. He needs a new owner, he is hungry, he needs to give this cub (What he thinks Kaito is) a new home.
i enter the hotel and i look around, a dead scene and i shrug softly, heading to the Cafe of the hotel.
i see a fellow fox enter the cafe of the hotel* uwu whats this, another fox? *i take off my sunglasses to get a better look at the fox.
when you go to take another look, you see that it isn't a fox, but a Cherokee wolf. The wolf then grabs some food and heads to the table, one scar across his right eye.
i take another look and realise that i was right the first time, he's a fox..
for the first time Titen was here, glancing around he noticed a canine on his phone as i approuched him clearing my throat.
i smile softly* hi. erm.. nothing really.. i am kinda new around here.. where am i?.. *the blue wolf/feline rubbed his head cluelessly as if he was abducted and placed here.
i arrive to the bar of the hotel and i sot down at a booth, looking at the empty hotel, sighing with boredom.
i yell holding my head.
i come into the hotel, tired and exhausted from running, heading to the diner.
The young canine pads around as he looks about.*Anyone awake? *He looks around as he is completely lost.
I place my paw against the trunk. With a sigh I begin to try to find grip. Digging my claws into the tree I begin pulling myself up. Slowly. Step by step I begin climbing the tree. Looking at every branch and every surrounding trees to see if there's any beehives. I close my eyes to listen to the sounds of nature. But nothing..
i head in and i sit down at a sofa, sighing, having not slept at all last night.
standing in the room.
looks at the feline and i observe from afar.
sits down on one of the couches.
slowly looks around the room.
my eyes dart towards the box.
kisses damien.
starts crying over damiens confusion.
even more confused.
catches the dildo.
starts rubbing the tip into his ass crack.
starts pushing it in.
looks down at watch* 2:45?! I'm gonna be late to work in the mornin' *runs away quickly in hopes he can catch the closest taxi.
places my hand on the dildo.
bans the lion!.
i head in on a windy snowy night and i shudder a but.
A big feral burr is sleeping in the middle of the hotel lobby. He is sleeping on a makeshift den that he made. He slowly wakes up and starts slowly padding over into the kitchen to get food. Not knowing that he is inside an employees only area. He starts to look for either berries, salmon, and especially honey.
The sudden voice scared the bear. He slowly backs away with a jar of honey in my mouth. He backs up until his rump hits the wall. His body shaking in fear.
The bear still shaking from not the wolf but anthros in general. Yes he was in a hotel full of them, yet it's his only refuge against the city. He wishes he had a nice anthro to take care of him.
The bear starts to calm down a bit. The bear grunts and starts nuzzling the wolf's leg for comfort.
Hesimply follows the nice wolf out of the kichen. He seems to act more like a scared cub than a big scary bear. He stays close to the wolf moving closer to him at the sight of other employees and guests, which made him shake in fear.
i walk around the hotel, hearing slight commotion going on* hmm? *I get curious, but not enough as i sit at a couch in the lobby to relax.
I go behind Silver and hide still shaking. I try not to look at the others, even though the wolf's legs varely cover half of me.
i stand up and i walk past the three and i head over to the restaurant, a bit hungry myself.
i chuckle as i heard the word "arcade" and i tap my claw against the table.
I see that Leona is not really that much of a threat and slowly aproaches her. Still a little scared. He finally reaches her and sits down in front of her looking up at her.
He sniffs her paw seeing that she is nice. He rests his big head on her lap and starts to relax.
as i sat on a chair in the restaurant of the hotel, i look around to see how dead it is.
When Leona pets me she feels sonetging that feels like leather underneath my thick fur. It's a collar, a very old collar. It has a metal tag that has the name Maxim on it. No adress or phone number, so my old owner cannot be traced.
A big feral bear pads around the lobby. He knows not to really mess with anything, so he sticks around the lobby. Sometimes his instincts or his curiosity gets the best of him. He goes to the front desk standing up by putting his forepaws on the desk..
The big burr is at the party as well. He seems to be at the bar drinking a big amount for a smaller animals. I seem to act a little angry as I drink. I try to get up to say hi to Svel, but stumble on the way to him. I get up and try again seemingly already drunk.
he stumbles over to Svel patting him on the back as well. Sporting a slight Russian accent that most people would miss.* Hey Svel....Haven't seen muh buddy Svel in awhile!.....Gotta catch up!.....*Starting to get angry at something in my drunken daze.
waves his tail.
 grabs you and sits you down on a chair.
 I sit in the chair opposite.
sits looking around the room slightly yawning to himself, rubbing one of his eyes with his long sleek tail.
 I slump back in my chair as I  Watch the snake.
shawn leans up letting his toe claws tap against the floor half smiling as his eyes squint.
 I lean forward out of curiosity.
 I grin comes over the wolf's face.
one of his large claws scratches at his chin, his long forked tongue slicking in and out behind his lips.
 continues to grin as I lean back it the chair again.
is on the ground, blushes.
crosses arms to protect myself and accidentally uses my magic and freezes you.
falls down and lays on the ground.
rubs my head, my scales are kinda slimey.
blushed and stumbles.
nods and opens my hand.
the lizard is not sure what to do.
walks in, looking arround.
 pops into the room.
look at magnus* just relax for now... *he hold cup of tea in his paw.
smiles and settles down into a chair.
look at toboe* hmm hello.* nods to magnus.
sit on the stool quietly.
wishes he was the birb in the group pfp.
I wish I was on the bed getting it.
Axton walked onto an open beach at a bonfire, the night time air washed over his exposed collie body, toned and muscular but not overly so. He was adorned in a mere pair of swim trunks held by a loose lace as he sat down on one of four logs put around the flame.
crickets chrip throughout the area.
from inland, the collie caught the sound of footsteps on the sand. Soon a gryphon about 5' 8" approaches the fire with a smile. He's wearing shorts and a tight v neck shirt. In his hand is a fairly large gym bag that looks like it may explode from being too full. He speaks in a soft, friendly voice towards the collie* Hey, it's not very often I find other people out here. *He sets down the bag gently in the sand next to a log that is next to Axton's log and turns back towards the collie* Do you mind if I join you? *he asks with a pleasant smile.
The collie shook his head to the bird, not minding at all* Naw, go ahead mr. bird. Name's Axton by the by *he extended his paw to the bird.
he took the collie's paw and shook it gently before turning away from him to reach down and begin opening his bag, pulling out a massive amount of towels and laying them down on the sand in between the two logs* The first time I came down here I was cleaning my feathers for a week, and I will not make the same mistake again. *he chuckles a bit at himself as he starts to pat down the center of the pad of towels, making a little nest. He sits down in the center settling in, facing the fire* So, what brings you here? *he asked turning to the collie.
I blinked a bit confused at the unique act of the bird making his nest, tilting my head almost to a 90 degree angle, but shrugged and assumed it was just a bird thing.
noticing your confusion I simply look to the fire with a smile, trying not to laugh.
I let out a soft sigh as I gaze out into the ocean, the full moon shimmering on the water. The quiet waves crashing against the shore.
seeing as I was getting bored I decieded to ask to make things a bit more fun.
I look at you with a brow raised before turning slightly to ponder for a moment. I shrug and smile brightly.
I smirk a bit before pointing to the water.
I said running towards the water and hopping in shivering a bit when he exited the water sitting back on the log in front of the bonfire. The wet trunks giving a clear visage of his plump sheath and balls bulge under the trunks.
I laugh as you sit down dripping wet before noticing the obvious bulge, abruptly stopping and looking away as I clear my throat.
I look around for a moment before licking one of the towels.
I chuckled watching him choose his next two as I scratched my bulge.
I glance over at you as you do, shaking my head as I try to get the thoughts out of my head.
the fox relaxes in his rocking chair.
relaxes in my chair and sighs out.
watches as well.
Stares at the copycat..
Purrs and stares back.
stares at longer the dragoness not backing down..
relaxes in my bed as I yawn.
i enter the hotel, shivering and covered nearly in snow, trying to find some warmth.
The fox relaxes in his own bed as he sips his soda.
Stix p p in hole.
the fox yawns and snuggles his pillow in his bed.
A sharp gasp resonates within the caprine's throat deeply even the avian could tell he was doing something pretty sweet so far. The beak nuzzles his massive and juicy orbs of his being that he curls his toes a bit and Shudders. In doing this, he feels himself being at about 7.4 semi-rigid turgid cock start hanging and twitching noting his excitement. The birb should note how his eyes start to glow and illuminate even more than it was earlier seemingly really getting into the mood, as those dreamy eyes focuses on you with bed-room eyes..
I notice your member twitch in front of my eyes, coaxing a satisfied chuckle from me. I take one last deep breath of your sweet musk, beginning to cloud my mind with lust as I back up. I let out a warm breath on your cock as I open my beak wide, carefully angling myself so your balls hang just above my tongue, the tip of my beak resting next to your length. I make eye contact with you as you look down, noticing your glowing eyes. It makes me pause for a moment before giving the large orbs a slow, deliberate lick.
 I'd start to huff and chortle deeply from feeling himself getting his first beak job like ever, not his first Avian though it is his first beakjob and he's gotta admit... It's much more soothing and kinky manner and completely foreign which makes him stiffen up even more growing in girth and an extra inch seemingly as if he'd cum right then and there though he holds back as he ferally bleats. Looking down into your gorgeous amethyst eyes he starts to loll his tongue out and feels his body quiver and shiver from how his tongue felt against his veiny and overfilled sac. His sensitive, rigid, swollen, and thick schlong gets all wet and warm from him sucking him off..
my breath warm on your balls as I continue licking, my thin tongue almost massaging your giant orbs. I continue keeping eye contact with you, entranced in your gorgeous eyes.
I raise up a bit more lowering them deeper into my mouth as I wrap my tongue around them, obviously wanting to hold them there and worship them for what they are. I decide to let go, slowly and carefully backing away from them panting softly. Your balls now thoroughly wet, I look up to you with a slight smile.
I glance at it, watching it leak the massive amount of pre* I don't suppose you... *I pause for a moment as I move a finger under the leaking stream, some of the pre collecting on it* want me to take care of this, do you? *I ask teasingly before sucking on my finger and licking my beak.
I'd say baaing softly from him touching his sentient urethra being played with causing him to spew a nice pre-seed onto the bridge of his beak growing harder and wider while he blushes sweetly and continues gazing into Cosmo's eyes..
I jump slightly at the spurt landing on my beak, giggling softly* Poor guy~ He's probably aching for some release, huh~ *I continue to tease, gently gliding a finger along the bottom of your cock from the base to the tip, collecting a bit more pre on my finger. I again taste it, smirking a bit.
Using the homemade lubricant to rub along his glans, underbelly, and fleshy and hefty dick of his pumping it at a teasing yet rapid pace as he starts to hang his tongue out of the upper corner of his left lips as he feels himself getting closer to his climax due to Cosmo having taking too long and him not wanting to wait any longer... His entire junk starts to tighten up and swell up as he feels himself almost reach that point of no return..
he said putting his hand up slightly, but not fully shielding himself from what is about to "cum". He closed an eye, bracing himself just in case.
Which the Caprine stopped letting go of his hulking mast which it convulsed and flexes wildly leaking a bit of pre-fluid more and more, before he feels those gigantic melons swell up forming multiple veins as he crosses his eyes looking down at the birb.
I let out a slight chuckle as I ease up a bit, lowering my hand* But do I have to wait?~ It looks so... *he pauses gazing at your throbbing, leaking cock, licking my beak a bit.
I smirk, taking gentle hold of the base of your shaft* I don't mind at all~ *I slowly stroke the base of your cock as I open my beak for  you, placing your cock on my tongue as I continue to stroke.
I close my eyes tightly as your warm seed shoots all over me, coughing a bit as some shoots into my throat. The amount of cum overflowing my beak, it practically flowing out of the sides of my beak. I wait patiently waiting for you to finish as you cover me with your seed, occasionally stroking more to coax more of your warm jism out.
completely drenched in your cum, it slowly sliding down my chest and shoulders, gasping for air as I wipe some of it away from one of my eyes. I gulp down all that's in my mouth before speaking.
Wonders into the hotel lobby, longcoat and hat covered in snow as he brushes himself off and make shis way to take a seat by the fire place to warm himself back up.
I chuckle a bit dryly, slowly getting up.
I chuckle a bit as I scrape some of your cum off of my arm and taste it.
he smiles a bit before heading to the elevators, going to his room.
Sits in the lobby by the fire place, warming up and relaxing for a bit before officially checking in and heading up to his room.
the fox relaxes in his room, sipping a root beer while it's in the middle of the night.
After unpacking and a bit of relaxing, he decides to stroll around town to keep himself busy. He has heard some interesting things about near by mall, and decides a bit of a shopping spree might be in order. He cleans up, gets dress in some nice jeans and button down shirt, donning his favorite leather jacket and heads outside, flagging down a taxi and having him drop him off at the mall. After paying his fee and exiting, he waltz up to the main entrance, immedietly impressed with how nice and clean everything is. He steps inside and looks around, seeing furs of all different kinds walk about, shopping, chatting etc. He wonders around the main area a bit as he tries to decide what exactly to do here, or where to start.
i walk inside, looking for someone at the reception table, sighing, i sit down at the lobby couch once again, wanting to check in.
He decides to make his way to the food court, of course waiting for the obviously hungry bear before grabbing some pizza and breadsticks, taking an empty table to sit and enjoy his food at.
i head inside the mall and I immediately look at the map, backpack on my back and wearing jorts and a white tee.
a s you look around the cafeteria, you notice an avian sitting alone at a table. He is wearing a black hoodie and dark blue skinny jeans. He was poking at his noodles from the same restaurant as yours, obviously lonely.
He soon finishes his pizza, sitting at his table and letting his stomach rest a bit as he looks around at the other patrons.
he looked up a bit shocked someone was actually addressing him. He nodded and pointed to the seat across from me* Uh... s-sure..! *he chuckled a bit nervously, looking away a bit shyly.
he chuckled lightly watching you, crossing his arms on the table. He could easily tell you were knew, no one in town could be this optimistic about some noodles. He asks a bit curiously, a slight smile on his face.
he rubs the back of my neck* Forgot you said that... heh... But uh... *he lowers his arm, poking at his food again* Yeah... not too many smiles around here. Just... business and... *he trailed off, looking to the side before snapping back.
I cover my beak as I laugh out loud, starting tear up a bit. After a bit I collect myself* W-wow haha! I haven't laughed that hard in ages! Oh... I-I'm sorry that... haha! That just caught me off guard. *I wipe away a tear, chuckling starting to decrease.
I giggle a bit before shaking your hand gently.
he said, obviously off put by the question.
I shrug, smiling a bit.
I smile brightly, cocking my head a bit.
The human wasnt much of a dancer, but liked the music well enough, instead preferring to stay near the bar or tables, sipping his drink as he looked and scanned around the club, wearing simple skinny jeans, tanktop and combat boots.
the fox rocks in his chair as he relaxes.
Waves to the wolf.
relaxes in my rocking chair.
 stubbed out my ciggerett before I walked in to the building, as was comon courtacy. I had not been here in quite a while, and it was nice to be back. I checked with the front desk and they said my usual accomidations were ready for me if i so chose to pay the price. I did and headed fr the elivator..
 i jerked and looked up at you having not been awair of you right off hand. Which was odd because i had been a cop not to long ago.* Oh hey there man, Uh six please. * My eyes look a bit distracted and i smell a little like booze. There was however a glimmer of recognition in my eyes. But, not being quite sure at the moment i do not say anything about it..
 in fact, I had actually noticed that there was only one key pressed, but I had chosen not to make a big deal out of it..
 I outright looked you in the face for the firstt ime during our short elivator trip.* may i ask what your choices were? *  I smiled a bit and when the cramped box stopped at the sixth floor and the doors started to open i pushed the " Door Close" Button..
 I blush deeply leaning in close, pressing my muzzle to your neck. you hear me purr softly.* Mmh, Well why dont you come with me back to my room? ill give you both. * The door tries to open again and i push the "door close" button again. There was a rather annoyed looking badger on the other side of the door..
 As you drwe my paw away from the button it went directly to your crotch. I moaned a little bit being pulled close, my muzzle comming down on the tender flesh of your neck, giving a lick and a soft bite begore giving the crotch of your pants a playful and eager squeeze* Six Sixteen. mmh. * I broke away quickly and brushed passed the old lady standing infront of the elivator. I made my way to my room unlocking it..
 Shocked to see that you were not behind me. I look over and see the elevator close up again.* Shit! *I dart back over to the doors and hammer on the button for a few moments to try and get the doors back open but to know avail.* Sorry!* I shout hoping you would hear me. I stood in front of the doors to see if you would come back up again. I am blushing very hard, turning purple with my blush..
 Knowing i hadent really offended you i hold out my paw for you to take. I am still blushing madly..
 I smile softly and curl my arm around yours like you wanted and i lead you back to my room and open the door. We walk inside to fing a fullly stocked bar. The room it self was huge and opulant. I close and lock the door behind us..
 I could feel you stairing at me as i walked to the bar and slid behind it. I mixed your drink expertly. I couldent help but blush even more, and bend over to pick something off the floor. I took my time picking it up, cairful not to spill your drink as i brought it back over to you..
A big feral bear starts to wake up and open his eyes. He looks around his area in which he sleeps. Huffing as he gets up, he pads over to the lobby, just padding around until someone is found. His claws clicking across the floor sometimes..
i enter the lobby of the hotel and i look around. The hotel being ghost empty, i shiver a bit and i head to the front desk, ringing the bell.
i take the key and i noticed him frowning before.
 the grizzled bear walks into the hotel shaking his fur free of the rain,  looking around he smiles as he heads to the front desk.
i look behind me seeing the dripping wet bear and i wave to him.
I walk in with a coat dry from the rain, smiling as I come in.
i look at him and i wave to him also.
i smile and i look at the time.
 the bear smiles and waves having had to run to the John,  now drying his paws stepping up to the desk.
i head up to my room with my bags and i head in, settling in.
gets keys to room 215, goes up to the room, opens the door, drops my bags and begins to settle in.
wipes sweat off my face.
i hear noise around the same floor and i open my door, looking around and i see Noah and i knock on that door.
i smile and i wave to him.
 looks around having stood at the check in desk now with no assistance for a while now I start tapping the  bell on the counter .
a short gray avian hurries in with a sigh, making last second adjustments to his uniform, smiling a bit towards the bear.
notices the fox pacing, watching him for a moment looking a bit confused.
the avian notices Flare carrying her shopping bags, and his kind hotel attendant instincts kick in as he walks towards her smiling warmly.
I take the bags carefully as not to potentially damage any contents, shaking my head softly* No ma'am I haven't, but I'll take your word for it. *I say cheerfully before turning my head towards the dripping bear, groaning audibly at the sight of the puddles slowly covering the tile flooring. I let out a soft sigh, forcing myself to smile again.
he paused looking back at the bear, sighing again* I should definitely handle that... *I hand her the bags back, smiling towards her again.
the avian hurries to the maintenance room. He returns with a large stack of towels, barely able to see around them. He hurried towards where the bear was standing. As a result of not being able to see and moving to fast, he slips on a puddle. He yelled out as he slipped. The towels go flying up in the air as he falls backwards, landing on his back with a thud. The towels began landing around him, one even landing on his face. He groaned beneath it, clearly in pain.
Rises from his hotel room bed, cleaning up and getting dressed in some decent casual clothes, jeans, jacket, button down and boots, heading down to check out the hotel cafe.
 yawns stretching waking up having fell asleep in a chair in the lobby, I look around scratching my chest.
 getting up I wander around the hotel, aimlessly meandering down a random hall.
the avian had been resting in a chair in the lobby after his fall. He had already laid down towels on the wet floor after the stranger had helped him up. He rubbed the back of his head as he had hit it on the ground when he slipped. He watched as people walked through the lobby. He knew it was his job to greet people and make sure everything was going okay, but he was in no shape at the moment. He noticed the fox enter, immediately recognizing him as a new guest. The avian realized he had to get back to doing his job, but needed a moment. He forced a smile, trying not to look like he was in too much pain.
the avian who had already said something to you let out an equally audible sound as he stood up from the chair. He smiled brightly before walking behind the desk.
he types on the computer a bit* Ah yes, Mr. Jace. Your room number 228. *he hands you the keys to your room with a smile.
A wolf with glowing eyes waits in line for the transaction to end. Upon first glance, he is carrying a backpack, a duffel bag, and nothing else. He's wearing a pair of jeans, a t-shirt, and some nice tennis shoes. He looks down at his watch before casually looking at the exchange between the desk clerk and the customer.
the fox goes on his way and I smile brightly to the next customer.
I let out a friendly wave while waiting for my transaction with the male to end.
The wolf smiles softly and looks around him briefly before turning back towards the clerk.
He then slides a wad of cash and a small card - IDing himself as a federal police officer.
I look a bit shocked at the ID, the cash, and his overall assertiveness* Y-yes sir... um... I mean officer.. *I try to regain myself as I start typing on the computer.
I look a bit shocked at the ID, the cash, and his overall assertiveness* Y-yes sir... um... I mean officer.. *I try to regain myself as I start typing on the computer.
He thinks for a second.
he types the name into the computer, chuckling a bit softly. He could tell this was serious business* Alright uh... your room is 307. If there's anything else I can help with, let me know sir. *I set the room keys on the desk.
The wolf quickly took the keys and slid the bird a $50 note* "Thanks for putting up with the demands." *He quickly disappeared into his room, wasting no time and hoping not too many people had seen him.
I look at the money shrugging a bit before putting all of it in the register.
I look up at the fox, a bit shocked at first. A smile comes across my face as he brings me the drink.
I chuckle a bit in disbelief,  wrapping my hand around the glass gently.
I shake his paw gently.
I shake my head as I take a quick sip of the drink* No no no, you've done more than enough already si- uhm... Jace. *I chuckle a bit at my mistake.
he started to relax his posture, getting a bit more relaxed from the hard day of work.
I take another drink.
A big feral burr pads to the bar. He stands on two legs and puts his forepaws on the counter for support. He is smiling and grunting at the people around him..
Grunts and sits in front of Jace looking up at him. Similar to how a dog sits to ask for pets.
The burr closes his eyes, makes a deep purring noise, and has a wide grin on his face. His head moves towards the fox's pets, loving every second of it.
The burr flops on his back exposing his belly. He looks up at Jace in a very exited manner, wanting his favorite: belly rubs.
My smile gets wider, causing my tongue to flop out. I fidget around slightly because it feels so good, and also the purring noise I'm making gets louder.
I chuckle a bit half heartedly before taking a big drink.
Gets up and follows Jace wherever he goes. Seemingly like a loyal pet.
I smile warmly towards you, finishing my drink.
I chuckle a bit looking into my empty glass.
I groan a bit as I open my eyes abruptly from the fox moving me around.
I rub my eyes, chuckling a bit as I realize what happened. I flatten my uniform a bit, surprised I still looked acceptable.
I smile brightly.
I chuckle a bit at my own bad joke.
the avian behind the desk simply stared at the creature in shock. He was too afraid to approach it, but also knew the creature had to be removed.
he gasps audibly when the creature shows it's teeth, raising an arm to shield himself if the creature lunged out. He trembled slightly as the creature gurgled. After a moment, he relaxes ever so slightly, realizing that the creature didn't mean any harm. He spoke nervously, his voice shaky* W-what do you want um... uh... s-sir...? *he sounded completely uncertain, not sure the creature could even understand him.
he let out a short chuckle at the situation as he eased up a bit, starting to understand the creature.
I wave watching the friendly fox walk off. I let out a happy sigh, satisfied that someone had done something nice for him.
the gryphon called his manager and had a fairly heated discussion about yesterday's report. His boss was reluctant about the fox playing guitar at the bar, but Cosmo was persistent about it. He agreed to let the fox play a few songs. A few moments later, Jace's phone rang.
he goes and tells the bartender about the performance before returning to his desk.
I wave back, staying behind my desk as I wait for him to play.
I poke my head in occasionally to listen is, smiling as I listen to your sweet music.
I stand in the entrance of the bar, clapping as you finish up.
The male dragon walks into the bar just as the female finishes speaking. He blushes as he stares at her naked form, his gaze following her tail. He stood at five eight and he was wearing a simple white t shirt with black jeans and an open sweater. He sighs as he goes up behind her and gives her ass a hard smack, though he didn't know what kind of yes or no question she needed to be asked..
The male dragon walks into the bar just as the female finishes speaking. He blushes as he stares at her naked form, his gaze following her tail. He stood at five eight and he was wearing a simple white t shirt with black jeans and an open sweater. He sighs as he goes up behind her and gives her ass a hard smack, though he didn't know what kind of yes or no question she needed to be asked..
he looks up from his paperwork his scribbling information on, waving at the fellow avian. He put on a warm smile towards the bird as he spoke.
he was about to say something before you walked away, simply dropping and going back to his work.
 heading to the parking lot as i park my car across of the hotel while i turn off my car, taking a pamphlet saying " cats eye hotel ". getting out of my car and locked it as i walk to the sidewalk while looking for the hotel .
the fox stretches out as he yawns and walks off to a kitchen.
Walks into a cafeteria as his stomach growls like a little creature needing food.
 Sits crosslegged on the sofa watching T.V.
lays in bed bored like as he day dreams things.
said with a faint charming smile , as his tail slightly wagged and he said.
smile and walks beside you with his tail wagging at the same speed and pace , he looked around before looking back at your direction with the same cheerful smile , saying in a voice with a slight of joy in it.
he felt and heard the holes being made with every step but chuckled softly with a paw over his muzzle and continued walking with you and blushed slightlu at your question and said.
his eyes look calm as he giggled softly and said in a joyful tone* hahah thats an adorable monster heh" *his smile turned into a blushy one as you patted him on the shoulder and he replied with a grin.
clap clap clap.
said as he went to his own room but stopped midway to wander around and thought of going to the bar to get a drink.
the gryphon was standing behind his desk, as he usually is. He tapped his finger on the desk impatiently waiting for a phone call. This was the only thing keeping him from taking a nap, which he desperately needed.His ear twitched as he heard the footsteps of the two approaching on the tile flooring. He smiled brightly at the thought of having some sort of entertainment while he waited.
the avian who had been standing behind the desk since the fossa walked in. He had simply been watching him with curiosity, wondering what he was doing. The avian smiled brightly, as it was his job, and spoke loud enough for the other person to hear.
the avian chuckled lightly at the confused looking fellow. He then motioned his hand towards a corridor to the left of him.
he cocked his head a bit confused about the question, his smile thinning a bit but still there. He shifted his body, taking a deep breath as he knew this was going to be one of those long, awkward, and difficult social interactions that came with the job. He forced himself to smile brightly once again towards the fossa, speaking in a pleasant tone.
his confusion grew as he heard the question being asked. The bartender is usually behind the bar in plain sight, unless he was on another "break" with a customer. The gryphon let out a deep sigh before leaving from behind his desk. He walked in a brisk pace to the corridor, peering in. He made an audible sound of frustration and disgust as he saw the empty bar. He let out a heavy sigh and regained his composure, trying not to be indecent in front of a guest. He put on an obviously forced smile as he turned to the fossa, speaking in a slightly upset tone.
he turned around and was about to walk back to his desk for a moment before the other made the proposal. He thought about it for a moment, tempted by the thought. However, he soon shook his head, knowing he'd get in trouble for leaving patrons unattended with the bar at their disposal. He took in a deep breath, smiling yet again as he turned back to the fossa. He made sure to speak in a pleasant tone to ease the customer's mind.
he nods once quickly, returning to his desk. He rested both of his hands on the surface with a deep sigh, trying to calm himself. He then looked back to his cushioned chair, in which he plopped down on. He was worn out almost completely. This job had him barely sleeping due to being on duty 24/7. Combined with the fact he had to pick up the slack of all the slackers in the staff. And through all this, he had to keep a smile and be polite. His boss would have his head if there was even a small hint of rudeness or obscenity towards a customer. He, of course, had his own way of coping with the stress and fatigue. He opened a large draw near the bottom of the desk. He moved a few folders and books aside to find a small flask, which he pulled out. He quickly took a drink of the liquid inside, and returning it to it's spot in the desk. After he was done with his drink, he stood back up and returned to the bar. He smiled brightly at the fossa as he moved to the area behind the bar, stopping in front of the fossa. The avian looked almost completely refreshed. The fossa could tell it was a genuine smile on his face.
he looked slightly surprised at how bold the new customer suddenly was. He shrugged it off with a light chuckle as he turned to the back wall of the bar to find the bottle of jack, which was on the fourth shelf. Considering the bird was only 5' 8", it was just barely within his reach. He chuckled a bit at the situation, knowing he was about to look silly. He reached upwards towards the bottle, even standing on the tips of his talons, or feet, whatever. He grunted a bit as he hopped slightly to secure the bottle in his hand. He brought it down and set it on the counter, grabbing a glass and setting it in front of the other male* So, what brings you to this wonderful establishment? *he asked before turning around, and bending down to open the mini-fridge and grabbing a few cans of coke.
he set the cokes on the counter, cracking one open as he nodded. He decided to ignore how weird the other was being* Pretty much been here that long, wasn't working as much then however. *he said pouring the coke in the glass, the liquid fizzing up from just being cracked open. He began to open the bottle of jack before he asked.
he shrugs as he begins pouring the jack in the glass, filling it to the brim. He sets the bottle down and tightens the cap on.
he chuckles shaking his head and putting a hand on his hip as he relaxes a bit.
he has a look of realization on his face as he nods* That's what you meant. Well, it's more been the first kind. Haven't really had anybody try to even flirt with me. Then again, I'm not usually the bartender. He gets a lot of... "special" customers, and such. Being a horse that can sell people alcohol, he gets quite a bit of it. But me? I'm just the clerk that is lucky if people talk to him for more than five minutes. *he said with a timid chuckle, slightly hurting his own feelings. He shrugs it off with a sigh as he looks around the bar room.
he giggles a bit lightly at the clumsy fossa, waving off his remark* Oh please, I have no idea how to tend a bar, let alone mix drinks. My name's Cosmo hun. *he smiled as he gently grasped the neck of the bottle, tilting it a bit on the counter* Want me to top that off for ya? *he asked a bit teasingly towards the fossa as he noticed the horse enter.
he repeats as he pours more jack in your glas, filling it up to the top again" I don't think it's too weird. My mother always told me being different was good. I think she only meant that for names, however. *he chuckled a bit at his own joke as he set the bottle of Jack down, looking back at the horse* Hm? Oh, of course not. Have a seat. We were just having a little chat, Tyler. Can I get you any thing to drink? *he repeated, assuming the stallion didn't hear him the first time.
 I'd be drinking too if I wasn't on the job, not much else to do around here. *he leans on his folded arms against the bar, turning his attention towards the horse.
He trails off a bit watching the horse leave in the middle of their conversation, and simply shrugging it off. He turned back towards Seppo, chuckling a bit.
shrugs as he shakes the bottle of jack a bit, chuckling a bit.
he looks around a bit jokingly, leaning in and whispering* If you keep quiet, I could drink right now. *he chuckles a bit at his own silliness.
he nods, pushing the glass back as he shakes the bottle in his hand smirking* I've got my own drink hun~ *he says teasingly before pouring a bit into his beak, swallowing it down. He shook his head once from the slight burn of the whisk, letting out a satisfied sigh.
he exclaims, raising the bottle for a toast.
 Sits on the sofa watching T.V in the dark..
 Lights a smoke, the ash tray setting off to the side on the arm of the sofa..
 Sighs deeply, laying down..
 Finishes my smoke and flips  off the T.V. I put the butt in the ashtray and roll over on the sofa, pullingablanket over me..
as the panda wandered into the hotel, the gryphon smiled brightly. He wore an all white slacks and a white button up shirt, with a red vest over it. He spoke to the panda in a pleasant tone.
he said as he placed his hands on the keyboard, preparing to type.
he explained, typing the whole time. As he was done typing in the information he reached on the wall behind him, grabbing a room key. He held it out for the panda to take.
Waits next in line to rent his room.
he chuckled a bit, since the other person apparently found something funny. He nodded while still smiling brightly.
he then turned his attention to the human, looking slightly surprised* Well well, no fur, no scales, no feathers, you must be a human. We don't get many of you around here. *he chuckled a bit.
he asks as he begins typing into the computer.
he finishes typing as he reaches behind himself again, grabbing another key and handing it to the human.
He tipped his hat to you and began walking off. As he turned around and headed upstairs, you noticed the leather and brass briefcase he had walked in with, but just barely covered by his jacket sleeve was what appeared to be some sort of cuff or link, attached from his wrist to the handle of the case, catching a quick glimmer as he made his way upstairs.
he looked curiously at the stair case, the object catching his attention for a moment. He shrugged it off, realizing weirder things have been brought into the hotel. He then rested his chin in the palm of his hand, being held up by his arm. He began to recollect the thoughts, chuckling at some of his memories.
the gryphon lifted himself from his position as he saw the husky enter. He smiled brightly towards the new customer as he spoke.
he asked as he placed his hands on the keyboard, preparing to type.
he says typing your name into the computer, sliding your I.D. back to you.
he left his position behind the desk* Right this way sir. *he said as he began walking towards the elevator, pushing the button for it to open.
he pushed the button to go to the top floor* Since we usually base prices on a nightly fee... It would be around four or five thousand dollars? But don't quote me on that. *he chuckled softly at himself before continuing.
the elevator dings and the doors open. There's a long hallway with 2 doors on both the left and the right, spread fairly far apart, and one door at the very end.
he follows after him rather quickly* The presidential suite is for our most prestigious guests. It's bigger, and has more complimentary options. Such as no charge on the minibar, complimentary room service, and many other bonuses. Now, can I show you one of the penthouse rooms? *he asks almost desperately, encouraging you to divert from what you're obviously thinking about.
he sighs a bit deeply.
he thinks for a moment before speaking.
he reached under a part of his vest that covered his pants where a rather large key chain had been residing. The keys clinked around as he looked through them carefully to find a key marked as "PH3"* Ah, here we are! *he then unlocks the door and lets it swing open, revealing a surprisingly large open space.
 Sits on the sofa, and watches T.V again..
Curious as to what is on TV.
 an old eppasode of the X-files was on, and i sat there smoking while i watched, not paying attention to the room around me..
As the show X-Files had been showing I sat across from Remington, since he was glued to the tv and not worrying about his surroundings I get out some popcorn and relax and watch as well..
 i jump a little seeing Redbone out of the corner of my eye. There is a little gasp. The current episode was rather creepy and the room was mostly dark. I scrambled for my smoke, which i had dropped on to the green fabric of the sofa. It had rolled inbetween the cushions and i managed to dig it out before it left an unsightly burn mark..
 Smiles and turn on the light in the living aria..
he strolls into the room and happily plops on the couch and awaits for you to sit back down.
 I do indeed walk bck over andsit down on the sofa..
 I stick my tongue out at you playfully..
 Sighs and goes back to watching the T.V.
 stuffs my paw down the front of mt shorts. Sitting there in the dark, i begin playing with myself..
 I flick the T.V Channel to one of the adult shows. There is a porno on and I leave it there, Pulling down the front of my shorts and letting my self out. I lean back on the sofa and proceed to lay paws on myself..
 i let out a little moan, one paw lifting my shirt abit as my fingers rub on one of my tinder nipples. I bite my lower lip, my paw moving a bit faster now, the spines on my seven inch cock standing at atention while my tip leaks a littl precum..
 I see another person walk past nd quickly stuff my self back in my shorts and change the channel on the T.V. I blush deeply at having been seen. I sort of just sit there blushing and looking down at my lap..
 Blushng deeply i had not been expecting you to come over and be angry with me. It caught me off guard. I only meet your gase for a moment but it was enough to frighten me. I was not a small person, but you were quite a bit bigger than me. I nod my head quickly..
the avian behind the counter smiled at the hybrid, a bit shocked at all the different traits. He replied after thinking for a moment* Any events, hm? Well there aren't any events occurring at the hotel, but I believe there are some around the city, if you're interested?  *he asked as he started to look up any upcoming events.
he said with a bright smile.
the avian remained behind his desk. He decided to take one of his patented standing naps as he rested his head on his folded arms.
the small smartly dressed blue folf sat in the lobby with his legs crossed whilst playing on his black iphone.
the avian was still sleeping against the desk, snoring very softly. He didn't think anyone else was in the lobby when he fell asleep, which is why he did so in the first place.
i get bored of my phone and decide to try and find someone so i look around and spot the sleeping avian. Smiling brightly i walk up to the desk and stand staring wondering what i should do.
his ears catch the sound of your footsteps, flicking gently. He was too deep into sleep to pay any real attention to it, however. On the desk next to him was a little bell used to call for service if the desk was unattended.
i notice the said bell and tap it lightly hoping not to scare you.
he jumped up quickly, looking around in a bit of a daze as his eyes blink open* H-huh, what? *he rubs his eyes gently before looking at the folf. He was pretty embarrassed as his cheeks reddened slightly. He smiled and cleared his throat.
i awkwardly stand and wait.
Smacking that cute blue furred ass of Orion.
he was about to point out Toboe before he smacks Orion's rump. Looking a bit shocked at the scene he speaks softly.
i yipped in surprise at the sudden smack.
A tall white tiger standing besides Orion.
he said before slowly walking to the room behind the desk, shutting the door behind him.
i awkwardly hug you.
Purrs softly and hugs Orion back.
i state this whilst blushing.
Chuckles* Thank you sweety. Sooo... Willing to get to know me a lil bit better cutie? *Bows forward and gently nibbles your left yellow ear.
blushes a bright red.
Keeps nibbling Orion's ear while curling my tail around him.
continues to blush as i hold the larger tiger tightly.
Smiles and sits Orion on my lap as i sat on one of the receptions couch.
kisses you on the cheek.
Licks your neck before nibbling it.
Grabbing Orion's crotch and slowly rubbing it.
i moan softly.
Purrs softly.
i go to the reception and ring the bell.
the door opens as the bird pokes his head out, making sure everything was lewd free before speaking.
Hugging Orion and grinding my bulge over his ass.
he walks out chuckling a bit at the comment* Sweetie pie huh? Thought that's your friend's name~ *he said a bit smugly. He began to type into the computer before Toboe chimed in. He momentarily stopped before clearing his throat and handing them the room keys* Room 108, and... I'll see what I can do about that request... *you could tell he was reluctant to say it, but it was his job. He shifted himself a bit as he glanced at Toboe grinding against Orion, averting his eyes almost immediately.
Nibbles your neck.
points to the OOC channel.
the avian watches the stranger lay on the couch. He didn't pay much mind to it as that is what they are for. What did catch his attention however was the sight of claws tearing into the couch, accompanied by the sound of ripping fabric. His ears twitched at the terrible sound, his body quickly filling with anger. He knew he had to approach the situation professionally, however, or a torn couch would be the least of his worries. He took a deep breath, and slowly walked over to the destructive individual. He forced a strained smile, his face clearly showing slight signs of anger even with the smile. He spoke in a firm tone, trying not to lose his temper.
The fox walks into the hotel, having reserved a room but not remembering which exact room he reserved.
he simply let out a heavy sigh, as he knew the cat thing was obviously trying to push his buttons. He then smiled and nodded his head* Thank you sir, I'll see what I can do. *with that, he turned back towards his desk, seeing Isaac in his path. He let out a soft sigh of relief as he returned to his desk, smiling at the panda.
I smile and laugh a bit before glancing at the doors and back to the guy at the counter.
The fox looks around and finds the bird helping out the other patrons of the hotel, so he decides to wait for him to finish up before bothering him.
he pauses for a moment, realizing the other's intentions.
Sighing, the tiger policeman entered the revolving doors of the hotel with a slow stroll. He had been called to a disturbance a few minutes ago, and had decided to meet a friend who had been staying in the hotel for a few days. His peripheral vision caught a figure near the bar and he saw the wolf slinging a bag over his shoulder, looking around warily. His eyes squinted slightly but he dismissed it, shoving it to the back of his mind, eager to catch up with his old friend. His paw tucked between his utility belt, he stood in line, waiting to talk to the bird..
A silent growl rumbled through his chest, keeping his head faced forward, but his eyes maxed out in their sockets to the right, keeping an eye on the wolf. His tail sat low to the ground, just above the cool tile floor. The tiger kept his paw firmly planted near his belt, occasionally checking to see if the line had advanced.
he said with a reassuring smile.
The fox tries to wave down the bird before he leaves.
Growling softly, being irrationally impatient, he looked up on his phone which room his friend was in, and proceeded to the elevator, making one last look at the wolf before he disappeared into the double doors, going two floors up..
the gryphon waves the next person in line forward.
The fox steps forward and sets down his suitcase.
he begins typing into the computer, eventually finding your room number* Ah yes, room 218 sir. *he retrieves the keys of of the wall behind him, handing them to you.
He takes the keys and nearly drops them as he puts them in his pocket* Thank you. *he picks up his suitcase and then waits for the elevator.
The tiger shook his head, still unsure about that patron inside the bar area. However, he hadn't seen his friend in ages, and was determined to talk to him. He exited the elevator, the heavy doors closing with a soft thud. He walked slowly to the room, room 253..
The fox listens to the elevator music until it stops at his floor. He picks up his suitcase and walks down the hall to his room.
he shook his head solemnly.
he begins typing into the computer.
he types the name into the computer, glancing at the lizard.
He unlocks the door to his room and enters it, closing the door quietly. He sets his suitcase down and flops himself down on the bed, exhausted from his journey.
the transaction goes through and the bird hands you keys for room 348.
Reaching his friends room, he gives a hearty laugh, hugging him.  They enter the room, talking quietly about days past..
my eyes snapped open. 'Oh god am I moving?!' I thought to my self and peered up in to the rear view mirror. I was in the second row bench seat layer down on a blanket. Having been on the street for the passed few nights I had needed some place to sleep that was out of the eliments, your Saburban had been the random choice I had made in desperation. I slowly covered my head with the blanket hoping you would not notice till you got out for a pit stop and I could slip out the back without you knowing..
 I waited a few minut or two, to be sure you had gotten completely out of sight. I sat up and tugged at the door handle. I opened the door and slid out looking around. I see that I am in a not so nice part of town. Sneeky I might be, but a fighter I am not. I had masked my scent by using one of your blankets. It had been a little less than a week sense I had had a shower. I did not want to steal anything from you nor was I on drugs. I whimper a little sliding back in to the SUV, shutting and locking the door. I slid down in to the floor bords pulling that blanket back over my self and sort of pining what few things you had on the floor on top of me, as a sort of camouflage, pushing my luck a little bit hoping you would eventually drive to a nicer part of town..
 Off handedly I wondered how long it would take you to return to your Suburban, I did not know why you were in this part of town. Though I gathered that it would not take you too long to come back, conciddering where it was you had parked. parked in one place for to long in this neighborhood and your Suv would be up on blocks in no time. .
 I stayed very quiet, just by seeing your face in the mirror for a short moment before, i had gotten the vague impression that you were the type of guy to carry a fire arm. I had not looked through your things so i did not know for sure. i had my own phone in my pocket, an old flip phone. It chose that moment to die, making its tell tail shutting down sound. I pannicked and tried to place my paw over the symphoney in my pocket thinking you must have heard that for sure. ' Fuck fuck fuck!' were the words ringing around inside my head as i did my best to stop breathing all together and suck in all sound from around me, which obviously i could not do..
 I had been made. I stayed quiet for a few moments longer before i had the courage to speak up. when i did speak, my voice was small and full of shame.* I- I dont want to kill you i am sorry, please dont hurt me. * you could tell the person on the floor bored  was not all that small however. and the blanket slowly began to move and you saw bair paws come up in your rear view,  they are paws of one who surrinders..
 I say doing as requested. I am dressed in jeansand a white T-shirt. my paws still where you can see them and my ears are folded back in abject shame. I do not meet your gaze in the mirror..
 A set of eyes look up at you one blue and the other golden, from there deep setting in the blood red fur of my face. My long hair is dirty and messed up. you could see that i was a fairly tall person, if i were standing you might guess I was around six feet tall. I amstill holding my hands up for you, not wanting to give you the wrong impression..
The tiger looks at Kage and Woz, purring confusedly.
A feral burr runs into the lobby of the hotel seemibgly trying to get away from something. If one was to look at his rump they would see a large dart stuck inside of it. Which explains after a little while he has a hard time keeping himself balanced and awake.
 Yawns, laying upon the sofa. I don't even bother turning on the T.V Tonight. I groan softly, tired after the weeks work..
the gryphon that was almost asleep on his arm, when of the sound other caused his eyes to open tiredly. He saw the male laying upon the soft velvet couch. He smiled softly at the thought of dozing off in the adjacent, comfortable, warm couch. Heck, he deserved it for all the crap he's been through. He shuddered at the thought happily, before slowly lifting his tired body. His warm thoughts raised his motivation level just enough to work up a short burst of floof. He was fully prepared to make the perilous journey to the goal he most certainly deserved. His legs began moving in a lazy stride, his fluffy arms wrapped around his chest for warmth on the journey. His wings lazily stretched out to about a quarter of his wingspan, giving them a quick shake to poof them up. He then slowly wrapped his wings around himself, snuggling into his own warmth. He had finally gained enough energy to take a few more excited steps, before plopping onto the sofa on his belly. The happy birb sushi was finally delivered to comfortability valhalla, where he may rest peacefully as he deserves.
 My back hurt and my mind is tired as I lay there on the sofa. I open my red and blue eyes as the gryphon made his way to the other sofa flopping on it like a fluffy, exausted, winged brick. I smiled a little bit wiping my long black hair out ofmy face  and closed my eyes again, letting my aching body relax and sink seep in to the sofa. In a mitter of minuts i was out cold and snoring, my tail whippig and witching back and fourth. I broke wind, my tight blue jeansclingingtomy rather round and perky behind. My blood red furr was messed up and my shirt was pushe half way up my torso. If one looked at me hard enough one could tell that my grammer was shit, but upon looking at my long, muscular fingers one could also deduce that i could wright one hell of a post in a chat room if I so desired...<,<...>,>... Grasping at straws now, I roll over on to my back and yawn in my sleep, smacking my lips, the text on my black short sleeved shirt reading " I Void " The last wors was covered up by a wrinkle. I mumbles a little and thn spoke softly.* N-no Mulder, Thats bullshit, I wont belive it.* I snored more, not speakingagain for a long time..
 Is electro shocked for making with to much OOC posting..
 Shrugs, now awake nd sits in Redbone's lap..
Pets the Lion nice and gently leaning in to nibble at his neck..
 I am glad i am well met, and i smile cutely giggling as you nibble my neck. I wiggle my rear a little and lean my head to the side for you, leaning back a bit..
A feral burr slowly pads into the lobby and looks around. He then sniffs around and sees Remo. He immediatly approaches her and nuzzles her and makes a deep purr.
 I reach down and pet you softly and then hugs your head as you nuzzle me..
stumbles back I tot he room,  rolling in sliding onto his back, hisbjead with a hevay this through the lobby doors and groaning.
i wake up from a long slumber and i walk over to the lobby and i look around to see of anyone is around.
yawns wide as he settles at a table sipping coffee.
the feline laid sprawled out on the couch, a blanket barely covering his naked form as he lays there attempting to rub sleep from his eyes, listening to the voices and foot steps of others.
i look at the feline and i smile softly, walking over to the chair next to the couch, sitting down.
lifting his palms from his eyes he looks over at the new comer whos now occupying the chair near him* oh, good morning. *he scoots to sit up stretching out.
I offer my paw.
reaching out to grab your paw to shake he doesnt notice the blanket slipping out of his lap reveling something it shouldnt* call me Ori, though im not all that of a big cat im only 5'5" *he chuckles.
I chuckle and my eyes shift down to your crotch and i blush a bit.
i walk behind you and smile as I'm only in my undies too. I'm 6'5 and I walk by the two too waving soflty before getting in the kitchen with you. As you were looking for the honey I hug you behind and smile.
blinking confused he follows Dakotas eyes only to chuckle* oh. My bad.. i didnt notice the blanket hit the floor *reaching down he retrieves it covering his morning wood once again.
i smile and i wonk to the snow mew (?) Before i lick my lips.
glancing up at the male he chuckles.
i say nuzzling you gently and smiling really happy*still...waiting for our date...y-you know*i say looking shyly down as I blush quite hard.
i lick my lips and I stand up once more, wiggling my ass to the kitten.
i blush hard and look down shyly.
i say waving happy as I grab a mug and start to get a small pot. I pour some warm water inside from the sink and then get it on the fire to boil some water.
walking into the lobby the feline looks around. His tail flicking behind him as he walks over and plops down on one of the couches.
the gryphon lazily lifted his head of of his arms, as he was enjoying one of his desk naps before Jason came in. His lazy eyes could identify that something was wrong with the fox. His kind instincts kicked in, whether he wanted them to or not. He sighed softly before raising his arms and stretching out backwards. He groaned as he stretched, his back popping a few times before he stopped with a relieved grunt. His lazy eyes then turned back to the fox, wondering what he could do to help. His mind then decided the lazy thing was the best thing to do right now. He stood up as straight as he could, smiling softly as he spoke out to the other male.
he walked from behind the desk, stuffing his hands into the pockets of his slacks. He strolled over to the couch, looking at the fox with a warm smile.
he sits down with a deep sigh, realizing how heavy the topic was as the fox explained. Leaned all the way back into the soft couch, before speaking* Well... I've never been stabbed at all, not with a knife at least. *he said with a soft chuckle at his own joke.
he asked out of curiosity, as that would be virtually impossible to survive.
he realized he had began rambling about something completely different. Studying how the brain works happened to be one of his favorite pass times, next to sleeping of course. He then cleared his throat, shifting in his seat as he recollected himself* But what I'm trying to get to is... you have to make amends somehow. You won't be able to move on until you heal your past. I know about that very well, believe me. I don't know how you heal, but I suggest trying to reconnect with that friend of yours, try to talk to him about it. But hey, I could be wrong. I don't know how mercenaries handle their business. I just tend to a hotel. *he says with a light chuckle.
he seemed off put by the comment, remaining silent after that, simply looking at his lap. He tapped his finger on his thigh a bit, trying to think of something to say. Then Alpine walked in, walking away. This gave the gryphon an idea* Say, are you a drinking man, sir? *he asks the fox sitting next to him.
he leaned back in the couch with a sigh, running out of ideas.
he asked a bit shocked, and a bit nervous.
he looks away for a moment before standing up from the couch.
wanders in curiously his 9 tails swaying as he looks around.
he says before walk/running to the desk and answering the phone.
he asks teasingly as he writes down some information on a piece of paper.
he giggles for a moment, thinking for a moment. He then got an idea.
he sets the phone down by the hook, heading to the maintenance room and grabbing fresh blankets and sheets. He then heads to the elevator, heading up to the fourth floor. Soon there is a knock on room 402.
the kitsune walks up to the front desk of the quiet hotel and looks around the lobby.
he asks with a bright smile towards the panda, the bedding still held in his arms.
he steps into the room, looking at you with a smile* Are you sure? It's no trouble at all for me to make the bed for you. I'm technically required to actually. *he says with a light chuckle.
his ear flicks at that last little bit,  giving the panda an inquisitive look. He then decided to take it as a friendly comment rather than a "friendly" comment. He giggled softly before answering* I like you too Isaac! Sure, I can stay and chat for a bit. Mind if I just set these one the bed? *he asks, lifting the bedding in his arm a bit.
he speaks in a kind tone as he sets the bedding down on the bed.
he takes a seat next to you, careful to avoid the excited tail. He shakes his head with a soft chuckle.
he asks, trying to encourage the panda to talk more about himself.
he exclaimed excitedly.
he said smiling cheerfully. He then felt your hand on his. He looked down at it, chuckling a bit nervously.
he said blushing softly as he looked back up at you shyly, a smile still on his face.
he said in a soft tone, looking back down at their hands. It seems like it's been forever since someone has been this physical with him, and so far... he was enjoying it.
he takes the glass giggling softly* I know hun, I'm quite familiar with my wine~ *He says a bit cocky-like.
he takes a sip of his own wine, coughing a bit as he feels your hand. He almost  spills a few drops of his drink, but catches it. He giggles softly as he swallows the drink, a light blush on his cheeks. He looks back down at their hands. He spoke a bit clumsily and nervously.
he blushed a bit more as the panda's eyes gazed into his own, and his eyes gazed back. He breaks the look, looking away shyly.
he gasped softly as the panda leaned in. It was clear now what the panda's motives were. His mind raced fast, clearly nervous.
tilts muzzle.
a two-toned blue wolf walks in casually and looks around, then gives a light wave.
the waiter moves from table to table his 9 tails carrying different trays of food. He gives most of it to family of otters and then the last two plates to a young wolf couple before strolling over to the girl with the hot chocolate.
I notice the fox coming down the stairs and I bump one of our signs to hopefully catch his attention. The sign reads "free hot chocolate".
I check to make sure all my customers are doing okay before leaning against one of the pillars at the restaurant watching the deer that came down the steps, he smiles watching him head for the coffee having always found deer to be rather attractive, his tails flick shyly brushing against the floor.
he gasped softly as he watched the panda press his lips against his hard beak. Although the avian couldn't necessarily feel the kiss, he still knew the sentiment that came with it. He looked almost shocked as he shared his first kiss with someone since he started working at the hotel. All of the stress seemed to be washed away in the moment. He closed his eyes as well, enjoying the moment.
he opened his eyes, chuckling a bit softly at that. He looked down to the ground with a smile, his cheeks still pink* Heh...  So I'm just a part of the hotel now? *he asked jokingly, trying to tease you.
he chuckles looking over at you. He places a gentle, reassuring hand on your back.
i smile and place a menu next to him* if there is anything else i can get you just let me know, I think the breakfast burritos are pretty good here *a couple of my tails brush against the other fox before going to check the other tables.
he contemplates on the choice of word. He nods his head lightly as he wraps on arm behind the panda's back, holding him close* Yeah... I guess it is pretty wonderful... *he hears the murmuring of people through the still open phone line, letting out a heavy sigh as he does. He didn't want to go back down there, not unless he had to* M...maybe it's just people in the lobby, they'll be fine without me... but... *he trailed off as he began to think about what could happen if he got caught.
he said with a teasing chuckle as he stood up.
he looked down at their hands, gently grasping one another. He smiled warmly at the sight before looking back at the panda, nodding to him. He gently guides him into the hallway, towards the elevator.
Shadow checks into the hotel, getting a room. He heads up the elevator to the 3rd floor, and slowly walks into his room. As he does he throws himself down on the bed, tired. He pulls out his phone and stares at it for a minute, opening up a "hook-ups" app. He leaves an invite open and slowly undresses, getting ready for a shower.
the waiter comes down the steps from one of the higher floors being a very heavy sleeper when he gets a wiff of something fowl* what the heck is that, smells like dead bodies..oh..it is dead bodies *the kitsune gasps walking into the lobby and seeing all the destruction* well... Better start cleaning *I pull on my tails each tail becoming a fox until I've split into 9 foxes and start dragging bodies out the door.
Squirming on my bed, still tied up from the BDSM session i have had with my master, hoping he was alright, wondering if he remembered i was still there naked and defenseless.
I pull out the last batch of bodies before all the foxes return to the diner changing back into 1 kitsune.
I look around wondering where toboe is* that waiter is always late... *I chuckle and head up to his room to check for him. As I open the door im greeted by the sight of him all tied up and I blush shyly* so you did hook up with that wolf last night didnt you... *I giggle walking over to let him free.
Blushes brightly* Yeah well he wouldn't take no as an answer and even if im a tease i ended up getting tied up nice and deeply... *Feeling relieved to be finally freed, still naked and cum leaking.
I blush and giggle hugging the naked toboe* told ya teasing him would get you in a precarious situation *you notice a cut on my arm that looks weird colored.
^Wishpering on Joe's ear only* He was hung... The kind you like... *Giggles and follows you downstairs, not caring about getting dressed up, always having been ne of those furs that prefered to go natural and show off my wite tiger pelt, althought i wasnt prepared to see the blood bath that had took lace on the hall* What the fu...? what happened here? *Turning to Joe and noticing the cut on his arm.
I giggle and look at the cut you pointed out* huh? Oh yea im fii-agh!! *I stumble falling over as my eyes and tail start to glow as I curl into a ball.
Kneeling next to you, trying to figure out how to help you.
I start to laugh in a much deeper tone* hehe...it all makes sense now...haha *I stop glowing for a second and grab toboe looking terrified* run *after a few seconds the glow comes back as I try to grab toboe* come here little one your going to my masters breeding grounds.
*scratch last ".
Shakes Joe* Joe, return, whats happening to you? You can let them control you, you must fight... *Smacking Joe's face trying to bring him back, but not expecting him to hit my crotch hard with one of his tails from between his legs, making me fall on the floor in pain and exposed.
 dont fight it or you'll be in more pain then that.. *I laugh again starting to cross the lobby within view of Cosmo and alpine.
Being carried over two feets above the floor, squirming trying to free myself.
I loom down at the avian snarling* Joe is gone! Its just sephiroth now *you notice one of the 9 tails is not glowing and is acting differently then the others as I continue towards the door still carrying my prisoners.
I grab the diferent tail and squeezes it hard, hoping to make you react or maybe break you into your nine bodies form again, not like i could do much while hanging like a ham on Cosmos line of fire either.
sephiroth growls dropping toboe and that tail turns into Joe falling aswell* why you little~ *a large shard of ice forms above toboe dropping towards him.
he turns his attention back to the avian and laughs* you think that will work on me? *his 8 tails flick at lighting speed slicing the barrel of the gun in half.
Crawling away for my life, luckly all those bdsm sessions taught me to crawls in all four quite fast so i could evade the deadly ice spear chasing me.
Crawling behind the reception front desk, fishing out the shotgun i had for emergencies, checkingit was loaded before crawling away waiting for an opening.
Cosmo feels a tail wrap around his leg picking him up. Joe starts waking up where he dropped and looks around.
sephiroth laughs at the bird* nahh I like you got some attitude I can't wait to break~ *he starts heading for the door again.
Joe finally catches up on what's going on and runs into the restaurant dragging toboe* grab something find a way to tie him up *I grab kitchen knives and toss one to Cosmo while I go for sephiroths leg.
I laugh catching sephiroths attention with a knife in his leg.
I see a wall of ice shards form aimed at me.
Grabing a couple table sheets and curling as i run around Sepihroth avatar, slapiing his wrist with them before sliding below his legs, forcing him to fall on his back, curling backwards in a ball sittin on his belly just for a second so he would try to hit me with his tails, which i dodged and tied up with the rest of the improvised cord, spinning him over and finishing a shibari style knot on his back, blocking his hands and tails at the same time, just on time to avoid another ice spear aimed at my head.
me and sephiroth just blink wondering what the crap just happened.
I sit on his chest and start placing pendants on his tails and body.
giggles* well if you could catch knives maybe *I chuck a glowing stone out the door as I return to my normal 9tailed not possessed state and remember I still have kitchen knife stuck in my leg.
Untieing him.
nods whimpering a little as im freed.
I wince a little as the knife shifts in my leg hugging back weakly.
Grabing the first aid kit* We might need something for Joe to bite at.
clings to Cosmo biting my tails.
Wonders around dazed and confused as he's surrounded by a bunch of animal people at a japanese spa.
Holds up a ticket with the number 1.
Steps inside the locker room, stripping down and stashing away his clothes, opting to go fully nude but keep a towel incase he needs to dry off, first making his way to the outside hot bath.
Notices the Bear god and his god like physique as he steps into the water.
Shadow walks into the massive spa, feeling at ease from his stressful day. He slowly walks back towards the pool, and slowly dips his feet in, climbing into the water. He opens his phone to a "hook-up" site and eagerly awaits a suiter.
scoots up to Shadow.
I blush and quickly turn off my phone screen.
He continues to relax in the warm water, slinking till he was just at chin level as he gawked at and admired some of the other, very good looking patrons.
Tries to catch the attention of @Glowypolar69 .
Eventually steps out of the pool, still nude and slinging his towel over his shoulder as he makes his way to the sauna to relax and dry off.
Spreads his towel out on the bench, sitting back and relaxing in the hot sauna.
Alex overhears me reading the sign .
I get signed in for 1 at the moment and head to the lockers.
I look at my locker blushing shyly not wanting to get naked. I look around hoping no one is looking as I start gently slipping my clothes off. Slowly removing my stockings and putting one of my bows on my ear instead of arm and shyly cover myself with my towel.
Shadow sits in the sauna, getting very sweaty and hot* Nice to meet you... *Shadow leans back and looks at his phone, wanting to find a partner for the night.
Shadow stretches and leans back, his crotch bulging against the small sauna towel.
Takes notices and stares at Shadow's bulge as he himself leans back and relaxes.
I see you staring and smile, spreading my legs and letting the towel slowly fall off my lap. My large knotted cock bulges up as soon as the towel falls, a good 8 inches.
Blushes as he gazes upon your impressive tool, practically drooling at the sight of it, and making his own cock twitch with excitment.
I look down and feign a blush* Oh... it seems I have, would you mind getting it for me, I'm pretty relaxed. *The towel lays on the floor between my legs.
 Kneels down and bends over to pick up the towel, handing it to you but now staring directly at your massive member on eye level.
I smile and slowly pet your head.
blushes and leans into the pets before snapping back.
I smile and continue to pet you.
My cock twitches as your head moves a little, a tiny stream of pre building.
He takes your excitment as an invitation, gently grasping it by the shaft and base just above the knot, leaning in and licking slowly up and down the shaft, lapping up the pre dripping from the tip.
I smile and lean back, my arms behind my head. I watch you go to work and enjoy it, my cock getting harder and sitting up, warm against your tongue.
He lightly rubs and strokes you shaft, using the pre and saliva as lube as he licks around your tip, kissing it and wrapping his lips around it, slowly taking it into his eager mouth.
I smile down at you and relax, enjoying your warm lips against my cock.
He eventually starts to suck on the first few inches of your cock, giving it an intense tounge lashing while stroking your shaft faster and with a firmer grip, using his other free hand to give your heavy balls a gently squeeze and massage.
I slowly tap on your forehead, signaling you to stop. As you do I slowly pull you up to my chest and kiss your neck, lining up my cock against your tail-hole.
He eeps and blushes, surprised by the sudden kiss but doesnt pull away, gladly letting you invade his mouth with free reighn, wiggling as he feels the tip of your cock press against his tight hole, supporting himself on your shoulders, slowly feeling the massive rod push its way inside him, shivering and moaning from the kisses on his sensitive neck.
I slowly buck my hips against yours, pushing my cock all the way down to the knot* Mmm... *I kiss your neck and listen to your moaning in my ear.
Whimpers and moans, feeling your massive cock rub against his prostate and stretch his hole wide, making his own tool throb and leak with excitement, holding tight and burying his face in your furry chest and neck.
I smile down at you and lick your forehead, slowly thrusting and leaking pre into you.
He bounces in your lap in rythem with your thrusting, blushing and smiling as he feels you lick his forehead, showing such tender care. His cock throbs and rubs against your abdomen with each push, smearing globs of pre into your fur. He gradually pushes down more and more, attempting to take your knot fully as it presses against his hole with each thrust.
I slowly and carefully lower you down onto my knot, popping it inside of you. I accidentally bite down on your shoulder and cum, the warm goo filling you up. I slowly pull my cock back out and my own cum leaks out all over my leg and crotch.
Shadow walks out to the pool, wearing only a towel, and dips into the water.
Shadow saw nobody was around, and slowly took off the towel, sitting in the water.
casually scoots over to Shadow in the pool.
You startle me and I jump a bit.
I blush and kiss your cheek.
I climb up out of the pool and you notice my muscular figure. I turn around and offer you a hand up.
Reaches up, accepting your hand and gazing at your toned body.
I smile at you and pull you up, then I hug you tightly, still not putting on a towel.
blushes and leans into the hug, my crotch casually brushing against your leg.
I hug you tightly and hold your hand* Let's head up... *I start leading you to the elevator.
gleefully follows behind you and holds your hand tight.
I open the door to my room and flop down on the bed.
walks in the room, shutting the door behind him and flopping down next to you.
I blush at you.
I pull you over on top of me, my butt facing you.
hugs you tight from behind, playfully grinding against your rear.
He smirks, not topping often but enjoying it when he does. He slings down, sliding along your back and gropes your firm cheeks, spreading them and burying his face between your buns, giving your tight hole a nice rimming.
I blush and moan.
I blush and moan.
he gropes your butt and spreads your cheeks wide, rimming deeper and thrusting his tongue deep inside your tailhole, stretching your ring and tongue fucking your hole.
I moan and push back against your muzzle.
Moans and slurps as he continues eating your hole, getting wet and loose before pulling away, giving one last long lick, lining his cock with your eager hole and slowly pushing in.
I moan as your tasty cock slides in.
grunts and moans as he slides his cock into your hole, slowly pushing deeper and deeper till he was balls deep in your ass, fucking you with long, slow thrusts, letting you feel every inch of his tool as it stretches your hole.
I bury my head into the pillow with my eyes closed tight and a hard blush on my face. I was so used to giving this to people that it felt amazing to have it done to me.
He grunts and moans loudly as he fucks the hyena's tight rear, smearing his walls with pre and his heavy balls smacking his rear with every thrust, gradually fucking faster and harder, rubbing and grinding against his prostate, his member twitching and throbbing more and more inside his hole.
I moan and hold onto the pillow tightly, pre leaking out of me onto the sheets below.
He continues to keep pounding harder and faster, pelvis and balls slapping with every thrust, schlick sounds with every push as he edges closer and closer, moaning and grunting louder and louder, soon finally reaching orgasm, pushing balls deep and shooting his thick, warm load inside your ass, pumping you full cum as collapses on top of you, panting and feeling spent, his cock slipping out and leaving your hole gaped and leaking with cum.
I arch my back and moan as you cum, and I layed my head back down, smiling and wagging my tail.
flops off, rolling over and relaxing from the sweat he worked up.
I roll over and you see my still hard cock.
smirks, slinking down and wrapping his lips around your drippy cock, sucking you off while sliding a couple fingers up your hole, rubbing and massaging your prostate during the blow job.
I moan loudly and lean back, lifting my legs.
I eventually swallow your whole shaft, sucking and milking you with my throat while continuing to finger you, feeling your cock throb in my mouth.
I blush and hold up a finger.
I reach into my suitcase and pull out a vibrating wand and handcuffs* Cuff me to the bed and use the wand... *I pull out a fleshlight attachment for the wand.
He grabs the cuffs, binding you to the bed frame and getting the wand set up, putting on the fleshlight attatchment, giving it a quick test run before turning it on the high setting and slowly sliding it over your cock.
I blush and smile.
Nods, continuing to finger your twitching hole as he jacks you off with the modified wand, making sure to focus around the head and mid shaft.
I blush and moan, struggling at the cuffs.
I blush and lift my hips into the wand, it feeling so good on my meaty cock.
smirks, stroking faster and faster, turning up the intensity of the vibrations and pressing a bit harder against your prostate.
I close my eyes tightly and bite my lip, then spray cum out all over the wand and your hands.
giggles, licking himself, the toy and your cock clean, lapping up every drop of cum i can before undoing the cuffs and snuggling up close to you, nuzzling your neck.
I hug you tightly.
huggles close, quickly falling asleep and resting his head on your chest.
walks into the room.
I cuddle @Sethdahooman tightly, enjoying his cuddles.
murmurs happily in his sleep.
I lick your ear.
shivers and giggles in his sleep, his ears and neck being very sensitive.
I massage your shoulders and slowly bite your neck.
whimpers and murmurs, rustling and squirming a bit in his sleep.
I hold your hips and slowly move down, kissing your buttcheek.
Stirs half awake and looks down.
I smile and sniff.
Yawns and wiggles his butt.
I blush and lick your balls.
lets out a light moan as he feels your tongue run along his balls.
I get up and yawn, heading for the pool for a late night dip.
Shadow sees you and beckons you over to him.
Shadow sits and waits eagerly in the lobby for a date.
Shadow sits and waits in the lobby, sighing loudly.
I walk up behind him undetected, but he jumps when I ask.
Shadow blushed and chuckled.
I slowly stand up and offer a hand.
I follow you eagerly and yawn, excited for the date.
I smile and wait for you just outside your room, not wanting to disturb your privacy.
I smile at you and offer a hand.
I blush and lead you outside.
I walk down the sidewalk with you and we quickly get there and are seated.
I blush and find us a seat, and sit down.
I blush and giggle.
I smile and slowly set my hand down on the table.
I blush at you as the waiter arrives and asks what we want in Japanese.
I order the sushi, and as the waiter walks away I slowly put my hand over yours.
I blush at you and smile, staring at your pretty fur.
I blush and lean forward across the table.
My eyes are widened and I smile.
I smile, interested, as the waiter brings us our food. I quickly nibble on some delicious sushi and smile even more.
I smile at you and quickly finish my sushi. I take a large sip of my tea and watch you finish eating.
I blush and watch you, and as the waiter takes the bill back I lean in and kiss your cheek.
I blush and ask.
I blush a little.
I quickly write my number on a napkin* Here, if you wanna shoot me a text or call you can! *I hand you the napkin then get up, heading back to the hotel.
As Shadow arrives at the hotel he heads for the public bath area. As he enters the lockers he slowly strips down, putting his clothes in a locker. He heads into the bath and slowly lowers into the warm water.
Shadow lays in the bath, waiting for someone else to come along.
Shadow yawns loudly and gets up out of the water, drying off his fur and putting on his clothes. He heads for the area marked "Garden" and is completely awestruck at the sights.
Shadow stretched his arms, not really sure what he wanted to do. He slowly approached the two.
I hear you mention the bath.
I yawn a bit.
I scritch my ears and look to Alex.
I smile and follow you to the sauna.
I blush and walk ahead a bit, slowly undressing in the locker room. I wrap a towel around my waist before the rest of the group even get in.
I carefully stoke the coals in the sauna, and sit down next to Alex.
Shadow covers his mouth and giggles, blushing a bit.
I slowly shift a bit closer.
I blush and shrug at the bird* Doesn't bug me. To each his own. *I look back to Alex.
I smile and lean back, enjoying the sauna a bunch, being a bit of an antisocial butterfly.
I cringe a bit.
I blush at him.
seeing as about everyone had left, the shy kitsune enters the spa looking around shyly before walking to the edge and sets his towel down before sliding into the warm water resting my arms and head on the edge.
I walk imto the pool and see you, and blush.
has closed my eyes resting in the water trying to relieve my stress and hasn't noticed you yet. I murr contently.
I slowly lose my towel and slink down into the water next to you.
I hear the water moving and I blush darkly seeing the hyena sliding into the water next to me* o-oh im sorry I'll move *I squeak shyly starting to get out.
I think about it for a second really not wanting to get out of the hot relaxing water* I uhh o-okay *I slide back in covering myself with my tails shyly as I look at the hyena.
I smile and relax, slouching back.
I purr softly and check out the hyena next to me wondering how he is so calm naked and then I look lower blushing darkly* oh that's how.. *I look away quickly embarrassed.
I smile and chuckle a little.
I giggle and rub my shoulders trying to relax and I slowly move my tails from covering myself and let them float freely.
I slowly lean over to you.
I shyly turn so my back is to you and move my arm from my shoulders.
I slide in behind you with my chest on your back and rub your shoulders with my large firm hands.
I murr very loud relaxing against his chest feeling his strong hands on my tight muscles* that feels rreealllyy nice~ *my tails relax gently wrapping around your legs .
I blush and pull you into a hug, rubbing your chest with my hands.
I blush shyly being pulled into such an intimate embrace but doesn't complain still enjoying your paws running across my chest as I continue to lean against you.
I slowly rub your leg.
I blush and nod shyly feeling your roaming paws.
I swiftly move around you and pin you the the pool's wall. I slowly kiss your chest.
Shadow gets out of the pool and dries off, walking to the resturaunt. I see my date from last night there and sit by him.
I smile and take a bite out of the fish on my plate.
I also eat my breakfast, enjoying the fish. I moan in enjoyment from the wonderful food, and slowly finish my breakfast tea.
I wander through the spa coming across the two eating* hey your the hyena that gave me the nice massage ^//^ *I sit at the table with the two of them* im Joe by the way *says to both of them.
I blush a little and giggle.
I yawn nearly tipping over and catching myself with my tails* ohh park can I come? .
hides behind the two bigger furs.
I smile leaving that open ended for interpretation as I go get ready to go to the park.
I blush at Joe's comment and get out of my seat, offering them both a hand.
I take the hand my tails swaying as we leave me yawning softly.
I hold your hand and lead us down the road.
runs ahead so I can be first but majorly overshoots the bend claws scraping and tails flailing as I go sliding* crap crap crap! *tumbles into the road.
I laugh a bit and help you up* Showoff... *I turn to Al and slow down a bit, waiting for him.
I giggle accepting the help then run into the park, I run under monkey bars, my tails catching them swinging myself up to sit on top of them.
I laugh as Joe runs for the kiddie playset and turn to Al.
nails shadow in the head with a foam ball from on top my monkey bars.
I open my maw wide, and pick up the ball, throwing it at you.
I giggle catching it then fall off the monkey bars in the process.
I run over and help you up.
nods as I sit up then starts giggling.
I blush and kiss you on the cheek.
I blush and smile up at the hyena my tails twitching shyly.
my face turns another couple shades of red darker as I look away* I uhh-th-thank you~ *my tails go back to a more normal happy sway after the complement.
I take your hand and lead you to the jungle gym.
I follow you curiously wondering where were going my tails swaying excitedly.
I lead you up the gym to the covered slide, and pull you down in it with me.
I blush feeling the strong hyena so close to me as im pressed up against him and smell his scent.
I smile and kiss you.
I squeak in surprise but give into the kiss quickly as i start to purr.
I smile and kiss you, slowly taking off my shirt.
I kiss back murring softly as I run my paws through your chest fur .
I blush and slowly paw at your pants* Mmh c'mere sweetie- *I unbuckle your pants.
I blush darkly as my pants slide off revealing a frilly purple pair of panties and I wrap my paws around your neck.
I blush and pull down my pants, wearing similar pink panties.
I ask shyly looking up at you.
I slide down the slide a tiny bit and pull your panties down with my teeth.
I blush watching you as my hard cock peeks out of my panties as you pull them down.
I blush and gently lick your cock, kissing the shaft.
I mewl loudly as pre forms on my tip* mmnnh~ sh-should we be doing this in the park? *I pet your head softly.
I blush and continue to lick it, moving up a little* You ready babe? *I line my tail end up with your cock.
I blush at the turn of events and smile kissing and nibbling your neck* absolutely darling~ *I hold your hips gently pulling you down.
I slowly lower myself onto your cock, grunting.
Wakes up and steps out of the room after taking a shower to clean up, going back out to the main floor of the sauna and wondering about.
Decides to go visit the showers and see who else might be there.
with a purr she decided to take a look as well.
Waves to Dawn.
walks into the locker room with the others waving happily,with a upon his face.
padding into the showers herself. she begins to slide out of her clothes purring feeling the cool tile on her sole pads.
Pretends not to stare at @Dawnsamson a bit as he turns on the hot water.
Glancing about. she giggled as she too turned on the water and adjusted its temperature. Shooting Seth a wink.
shoots her back a wink, grabbing a loofa and scrubbing himself down, lathering himself in suds and warm water as he stares at her lovely form from the corner of his eye.
Rinsing. Her red brown head fur matted and hid her eyes as she enjoyed the water. Purring loudly as she felt the water drip from the rings that hung from her nipples..
She smiled playfully as she turned off the water and grabbed a towel heading to her locker. Paws patting wetly on the tile.
Smirks and watches, eventually finishing his shower and grabbing a towel to dry off, deciding to go hang out around the pool, maybe see that strange hyena @Chiptunehero .
seeing as nudity seemed common the tigress padded out to see what could be seen.
Taking a seat sliding her foot paws into the warm water she too takes interest in the hyena and human. Her tails slashing about curiously.
pulls out a granola bar, some M&M's and gum from an alternate dimension.
the kitsune sits in a chair away from the water with his laptop working on learning a new programming language half watching everyone else. I yawn and stretch cracking my back.
Shadow yawns and walks back to the hotel, that alcohol must have been really strong for him to pass out mid-sex.
Takes a seat next to her, nomming his granola bar.
She winked at him lifting a paw feeling the water drip from her toes.
dives in after her.
sees the splash coming for me and the laptop hiding behind my tails me getting soaked but saving the laptop.
Dives and swims along side you, attempting to chat you up some more.
notices Jules and smile waving still soaked* well hello there uhh happen to have a towel? *is still soaked.
shrugs and laughs* ish okay *I start ringing out my tails* where you from I dont understand your accent? *I blush a little hoping it wasn't a dumb question.
Felt a bit intimidated by the teeth and attitude but didnt let it disuade him.
I smile looking back at my laptop.
I chuckle and smile softly my tails swaying behind me.
Dives in and swims with.
I pout and sigh wishing my build ran.
I hug Jules having someone who understands.
I notice your hesitation and I quickly let go.
Shadow yawns loudly and walks into the lobby, stretching his arms.
Winces as she taps his toe.
Shadow decides to head for the pool. He goes into the locker-room and strips, then runs and jumps into the pool next to Alex.
I ask curiously.
I smile at you and blush.
I smile and move right next to you.
I blush and look you up and down.
I yawn stretching standing up* well I think im gonna hide in my room its gotten rather busy out here, care to join me? *I smile at jules.
I smile and tails sway leading the way.
Thinks for a moment.
Shadow waits in the bath for someone cute to show up.
Realising nobody would show up Shadow climbed up out of the bath and dried off, heading for the lobby.
Shadow sees the bird heading for the garden and decides to follow him. He sees the bird stop to admire it and walks up beside him.
Decides to head to the sauna to dry off, hoping maybe a bit of relaxing can help clear his mind some.
He layed a towel down on the bench, leaning back and stretching out, taking a deep breath as the hot air of the sauna came over him, letting out a relaxed sigh and letting it all hang out.
Shadow sees the bird talk to someone else and decides to go somewhere else as to not interrupt them. He heads to the sauna and notices Seth laying there naked. He drops his towel and lays next to Seth.
I smile and kiss you.
I blush and kiss you again.
I kiss you and lay down next to you, enjoying the sauna.
I rub your chest and kiss you passionately on the lips.
blushes and returns the kiss.
I slowly kiss your chest, moving down by the second.
lets out a pleasured moan as you slowly move lower and lower, kissing his chest and body.
I slowly and quickly peck-kiss your shaft.
pets you on your head, giving you encouragement as you kiss my throbbing shaft.
waves and takes a seat.
Waves at Nova* over here honey! *patting the spot next to her.
Glanced about ears perking hearing  Dawn and her waving at him* Hey *heads over and plops down next to her.
Giggles and kisses him.
kisses back and nuzzles* well you did invite, can't say no to that *pokes.
laying her legs over his lap stroking one of his long ears.
starts purring at the stroking to his ear* mmm doing fine.  Just glad  to have some time off *grips one of foot paws and starts to massage the sole of paw pad.
Purrs and smiles* I am now sadly I have work in the morning blah *Spreading her toes for him.
Padding over to a couch I sit and pull out a book and begin to read. Foot paws rubbing the carpet idly.
Looks over my book and licks my lips.
the kitsune yawns stretching as he walks out of his room heading towards the spas.
Strolls through the lobby and heads to the massage parlor.
I notice Seth as im walking past and wave softly.
I smile tails swaying happy to see the fox and I notice his equipment* me too it was very nice  and im feeling fine ^^ what's all the equipment for? .
I giggle and start to sneak up on alpine seeing if I can scare him.
I use my tails as extra leverage as i pounce at alpine from behind a desk.
being the smaller of the two i just kind of bounce off of him landing on the floor with a confused look on my face.
I giggle and nod to both of them* y-yep just another reminder that im too skinny *takes Jules hand to get up my tails still flicking around me like normal.
Waves to you.
I nod in agreement and yawn stretching again.
Continues to wonder about the resort.
almost runs into the hooman as I also wander about the resort.
I giggle and squirm trying to get free from jules.
blinks trying to come up with a reason.
giggles as I keep being carried and hopes I cleaned up my room as my tails wrap around the other foxes waist.
is holding a bunch of them with my tails.
leads you to the pool area.
I murr happily nuzzling into the other foxs neck.
Steps in and slowly sinks his nude body into the shallow end of the pool.
walks over to the deep end and takes off most of my clothes before diving in.
wraps my paws around your neck kissing your cheek.
I blush darkly covering my face with my tails.
pounces at him fanning out my tail.
I giggle clinging to the fox holding him with my tails.
I smile and walk off carrying Jules keys and shirt.
laughs and runs up a flight of stairs.
I giggle and dive into a room hiding under a bed pulling all my tails in except 1.
sees you about to step on my tail and slowly pulls it under the bed with me.
giggles and squirms trying to get free.
walks in with a yawn and plops down on a comfy couch.
waves at everyone.
after a long tiring day at work Dawn padded into the resorts lobby. Looking about she heard voices from the garden but decided to slip into the shower and locker area. Placing her street clothes in a locker she patted into the showers and began to rinse.
Finishing her rinse she padded out. Her soles making cute slapping sounds as she grabbed a towel. Padding out into the spa area she searched for a warm pool to soak in.
Finding a suitable spot she slowly slid into the hot water. Purring as she settled facing the door. Just her neck and head above the water. She used her towel as a pillow. Feeling the stress and frustration of the day melting away .
sits in a corner my ear buds in while working on my laptop with a large microprocessor board plugged in next to me. My tails flick frustrated.
Opening her eyes she looks over with deep blue eyes and smiled.
purring thanks to the warm water..
She giggled seeing him sink into the water. Laying her head back on her towel.
She winked at him playfully watching him splash.
the tigress nodded thoughtfully* I'll have to check it out sometime.
Her hand lifted from the water taking his* I'll let you know. I'm enjoying the hot water too much at the moment. *She winked.
Seeing a fellow tiger Dawn waves at the large feline in the shirt lounging.
Purring she lifted one leg out of the water. Watching the water drip and flow off her toes and fur.
the tigress pads in and decides to check out the garden area she's heard so much about. Walking in the garden entrance she begins to walk the grounds leisurely. Her tail trailing behind her like a ribbon as her bare paws enjoy the cool ground.
the kitsune has taken a morning run in the garden when he comes around a bend to see the tigress. He stops panting softy as he waves.
She stood as well and smiles. Trying not to stare at his lovely tails.
I smile gently noticing her gaze as I flick my tails closer to her brushing them across her legs and tail.
She giggled and blushes. Letting her tail mingle.
I blush softly at the complement back letting a couple of my tails wrap around her and I motion to a bench nearby.
She jumped feeling the strength in his tails. She padded to the bench and sat* I'm pretty well. Why are you stressed? If I may. Her tail playfully coiling with one of his.
I giggle and smile sitting next to her putting a couple of my tails across our laps* these get in the way to much .
She lets the one in her lap calmly* I can sympathize. I've had jobs that I felt completely overwhelmed. Three years though. That's highly impressive. Do you like your job? *She asked as her ears perked.
I blush and begin to purr gently as she pets my tail. I begin to relax looking around the wonderful garden and beautiful tigress next to me* th-thank you ^^ and its only impressive if I finish the last year of school :P I like my job but I dislike feeling like an idiot the whole time.. *I laugh.
Smiling warmly* A piece of advise that helped me was "People can only make you feel how you let them." If they are that toxic they probably have issues of their own *She winked at him.
I smile taking the tigress paw giving her a gentle kiss on the top of it* your a very wise and beautiful tigress *I smile gently at her my tails swaying.
She blushes and giggled* your very sweet. Thank you.  *She feels silly* May I know your name? .
a couple of my tails playfully try and grab yours as I watch you blush and giggle.
That glow under her face fur slowly gets brighter. Her tail being caught coils around one of his playfully..
I smile giving her another gentle kiss on her paw to hopefully make the blush a little brighter. My tail squirms to get free as 2 of my other tails try to grab yours.
she chews her lip nervously as she felt another kiss. His tails quite strong despite their appearance. Her own releases his and is grabbed* I know just how I am though. *Her foot paws rub against the ground as she sits and Enjoys their gentle tail wrestling.
notices her nervous gesture and lets her paw go blushing a little myself* s-sorry if I made you uncomfortable ^^ *I smile and pin her tail with all 9 of mine and giggle.
She shakes her head smirking* Your just beautiful and very articulate with your compliments. *Feeling her tail pinned she laughs. Glancing back.
I blush at the beautiful complement as I let your tails go sadly* sadly I need to go to class soon and must bid you farewell *I stand up offering my paw to help you up.
She takes his hand and stands likely taller than Joe she smiled and opens her arms to offer a hug.
I smile and hug wrapping my tails around her softly* how tall are you? *I ask curiously.
patting his back gently and let her tail coil around his shin as if hugging as well..
giggles being 6' and smiles.
Kissing his cheek she leans back and takes on a motherly expression.
Watching the kitsune leave the tigress finds a shady patch and takes a seat. Pulling a well loved and dog eared copy of ready player one out of her messenger bag she begins to read. Tail thumping the grass all the while.
I sneak up on the tigress covering her eyes with my tails and laughs softly.
she jumps at first and then smiled as she picked up his scent* Hi Joe *she said in a sing song voice.
I smile uncovering her eyes as I song sing back to match hers.
Smiling up at him, she pets that tail gently. Her own slithering to rub against his ankle.
I smile and lay next to her cuddling against her side my tails winding around hers* I have to leave for work soon though :( *I sigh.
She sets her book down. Leaning back on one elbow she gently rubs his ears as she felt those strong tails mob her own again. She smiles and leans down to plant a kiss on his nose.
I blush gently at the kiss on my nose and hide behind one of my tails so you can't see. I lean back in the grass stretching out.
the kitsune snores softly as he sleeps in a tree in the garden, his tails draped over the sides to keep his balance.
wakes up and falls out of my tree.
gets up hoping your okay.
blush shyly and nuzzles into your arms* hhaaii ^^ and dont ask me you got here after me .
giggles and nuzzles softly.
I blush and murr softly.
Yawning a little bit as he walked into the Main lobby area. His crimson eyes glanced about to see if there was any one up this early in the day. The Mix breed of Tiger And Rabbit brushed one of those white and black stripped ears back behind his shoulder. Crimson hair ontop of his head a bit of a spiky mess. a Simple black button up shirt  short sleved shirt with a Crimson tie coverd his top. Black kackie pants coverd his lower half.  That long tail twtiched slowly behind him as he started heading to the bar that was in the lobby.
The tigress yawned as she walked in. Picking up a familiar scent she followed it. Wearing capris and a loose shirt. Flip flops clapped against her paw paw pads as she walked. Her tail trailing behind her. She walked into the bar hoping they served breakfast food..
sitting there at the Bar was Crimson haried Tiger/rabbit. He was leaning forward against the bartop a bit.  Eye watching the morning news program that happend to be on the TV. Befoer him was what looked like a glass of OJ, but any sip from it one would tell it was a screwdriver with the vodka mixed in. His tail twtiched behined him as he sat there by himself. But hearing the sound of Flip Flops clapping with each step he glanced back and saw Dawn stepping in* mmm Morning *he said as he sat more upright.
She waved and yawned again deciding to have some company. Sitting to his left she hopped on on the bar stool.
he blushed a bit chuckling some as he called him cutie. his tail swaying a bit more behind him as he smiled to her*  Hopefully you had a peacefull night *he said with a smile, Brushing an ear that fell forward of his chest back behind his shoulder before taking a drink from his glass.
She looked about trying to spy a bartender or waiter/tress. Smiling at that floppy ear. Her own tail snaking around the bar stools leg.
he nodded taking a anouther sip from his glass* Good to ear. But short nights do suck* he said. Ears perked a bit notcing her looking around for a bartender or some one to take an order*  I ended jsut mixing my self my drink and left change on the back counter * he said nodding over tothe back counter where there was note and some money sitting there* have not seen any one my self yet *he said as his tail kept slowly swaying behind him.
She thought for a moment. The tigress the climbed over the bar. Flip flops dropping to the floor near her seat as she landed with a bounce. She began looking for a plate and the pans having spotted the burners already.
his ears perked up as he watched her climb over and land on the other side. Chuckling a bit as he smiled leaning back against the bar top and crossing his arms on it* must be really hungry ::he said playfully.
She finds pans and the refrigerator. Padding back to the stove top with a skillet and a carton of eggs. Holding a spatula in her mouth she nods.
he chuckle d abit at the sight of her walking back with that spatula in her mouth*   just be carefull, Other walk in may want you to cook for them *he teased.
She giggled and winked as she began to cook eggs* I really like this place. I wouldn't mind volunteering. Her tail slashed about behind her as she cooked.
those ears perked up as the sound of the eggs sizzling away int he pan hit his ears. nose twtiching as the scent started to fill the air* With a Lovely sexy tigress cooking up tasty treats, They may not want you to leave *he said playfully finihsing his drink as he purred a bit.
She laughed as she looked over her shoulder at him.
he smiled to her. tail twitching behind him.
She asked as she grabbed a few more eggs from carton..
he said as he stood up him self.. He jumped the counter as well makeign sure not to bump into her as he got the glass he was using into hte quick wash sink to get it cleaned up.
She watched paying close attention to those cute floppy ears. She was wishing his eggs in a bowl.
those ears did seem to bounce and shift feely as he moved about. Gavity and momentom haveing it's effect of the always floppy ears.  It also meant he was constantly brushing them back behind his shoulder any time he lenaed forward far enough.. Those ears perked as he saw a toaster with bread next to it and was quick to pop in a few slice for the two of them. Getting them plated up as she was getting the eggs in a bowl. H eglanced back seeing that and smiled* Thanks *he said as he placed the plate on the bar top where they had been sitting.
She nodded and poured his eggs in. Stirring her hips wiggled a bit as she prepared his scramble.
he smiled to hearing the sizzzle hit the pan for his eggs.. nose twtichign at the smells as he got butter and jam from thier hidding spots after a bit or a search. setting them with the toast as well. his ears perke dhearing her say she liked cooking* heh. Thats not something many like to do.  Most do it cause it's a must for save money, and  some avoid it all together *he said as he walked closed enough for a moment for his tail to brush against hers as he went to get some glasses* Milk, Oj, Water, or somthing with more of a kick? *he asked playfully.
She giggled feeling his tail mingle with her own for a moment. Plating his eggs.
he smiled nodding* well i'm sure they won't mind as long as moeny is left behind *he said searching the bar. he foudn where the champagne was stored. checking a few* looks like we got a open one *he said smieling as he  set it on the bartop.  Getting a couple of flute glasses  he made them both Mimosa's befoer setting them down nex t to the plates* mmm looks tasty *he said smieling.
She set their places and walked around the bar this time. Her sole pads making little pitter pat sounds on the smooth floor* We can clean up and pay when we finish eating.
he smiled as he walked back around as well. follwoing behind her as his tail swayed. brushing those floppy ears back once again behind his shoulds as he walked up to the seat. sitting down next to her. though when she said about clenaing up and paying he lookeda t her a bit shocked* wait. i'm fine with paying. But clenaing up? *he said trying to be serouse about it. But a twitched on the end of his lips and playfull glint in his eye clearly said he was joking.
Dawn slid onto her own stool. Her toes sliding around the stools foot rest bar. She took a hold of her glass and looked at it before taking a sip.
there's a couple crashes and you hear a few cooks yelling, then a few more crashes and breaking glass as all of a sudden a kitsune come flying from the kitchen wearing an apron and name tag "bartender Joe"* I'm sorry im late anything I can get you two? *I recognize one of the tigers and notice the other is a tiger as well.
bops with his floppy ears.
Nova picked up some toast and just started to put some butter and Jam on it when his ears perked up what little the floppy masshes of sinsitive fur and flesh could as he heard the noise from the door that lead to the kitchen. Crimson eyes looked a bit srupised as he saw the Kitsune come running out. a Wince as he heard that last item sound like breaking glass.  he sat a little frozen for a moment seeing  the other ask if they could get any thing. IUt was a moment befoer he started chuckling, turning into a laugh before smileing* No worries at all... *he read trhe name tag* Joe..  Though we did kinda help our selfs *he said calming back down but still smeiling.
Dawn winced hearing the angry sounding commotion. Hoping their self service wouldn't affect the kitsune.
one of my 9 tails accidentally knock another glass cup off the bar shattering on the ground and more angry yelling from the kitchen making my ears lay back* I hate this job I miss the restaurant at the hotel *I flop my head on the counter moping.
he relaxed a bit but* hey um your tai.,.*he said trying to warn him seeing it about to happen but failed and winced at the sound.   Seeing him put his head down on the counter moping a bit he reached out and gave his head a skritch between the ears*  I'm sure you'll do fine. Just got to get used to umm. tight spaces. Or just get one gaint hair tie and bundle your tails together while working * he said befoer reaching back to his food. getting osme egg put onto of the butterd and ajmed toast and took a bite out of it.
Dawn scruffs his ears affectionately* it's ok honey. We'll help you clean up. I think we're set. *she takes another sip of mimosa and begins eating her eggs.
my ears perk back up enjoying the petting and I blush a little.
Swallowing some eggs* I know it is for your ears *turning to Nova wither her ear comment. Taking a bite of toast next.
Nova winced a bit at that. swalling down his food in his muzzle* ouch. Must have some strong tails for that to happen*he said before taking anouther bite. Though ears perking at the comment about ears*  Hey just cuase my ears as sinstive does does not mean.....ummm..... i give up *he said slouching a bit taking anouther bite of his toast and eggs.
She giggled remembering their playful tail wrestle a few days ago.
I notice novas big ears as dawn makes her comment about novas ears* aww I think they are cute ^^ *blushes realizing I said that out loud and goes back to moping.
Dawn pokes Nova's behind with a toe, playfully.
he looked to daw's reposnse as he chuckled a bit* i guess you've found out first hand?*he teased a bit. but then ears perkeing hearing Joe say his floppy white and black ears where cute.  a little blush but then a laugh. but then jumped a but at the poke to his bum from dawn*  Yeah yeah yeah.. Two against one. *he said blushing as he chimped the last of his food down. picking up the mimosa and taking a long drink from that*  At least with your tail you have some controle over them.  These things *he lifted up a ear with a free hand* Gravity and moment are the only things that contoles these things*he said letting it drop back down. It landed over the front of his chest. not bothering this time to brush it back.
not being able to see her toe I watch curiously as nova jumps  then i accidently knock another glass over and I try to catch it but miss. There's a loud thud and silence as I look at you both i being clearly terrified..
his ear perked seeing Joe get anouther glass.. seeing Joes look he couldn't help but chuckle a bit as he smiled* at least that one didn't break *he said smiling to him* and i don't think he'll kill ya. ::he said sitting more upright* I can pay for the cost of broken glasses. so they don't take it out of your check or any thing. Besides. broken glass is a risk of the job for bartenders *he said with a smile as  poked dawn back with his foot against her bare foot.
A purr escaped as she felt the footsie poke* Joe honey no one else is here come sit with us. *Her heart breaking seeing him so nervous and flustered.
I give in and sit by both of them  pulling up a stool my tails twitching nervously* th-the managers a 7' very large bull... He's scary and you don't have to pay for it nova im okay *I blush softly at his offer smiling softly at how nice the two of them are .
smiling back her tail playfully coils around one of his. Finishing her plate. Holding her drink.
his ear sperked hearing that purr from Dawn as he poked her foot again smirking abit.. though hearing her ask joe ot sit wiht them he nodded* yeah. No one here but us. no point about staying stuck behind the counter *he said smieling8. Though he finished his drink as Joe talked about the manager* SEven foot tall bull huh? *he said thinking amoment* i'm sure it's jsut that he look scary *he said blushing a bit at getting called a Sweetheart. poking dwqns foot playfully in response.
shows one of my tails sways a little slower then the rest* he broke it... *I murr softly playing back with dawns tail then looks at nova curiously.
She stifles a growl hearing that Joe was hurt. Their tails swing gently as she watches Joe and Nova converse.
his earrs perked hearing  what happend to Joe.  a Sigh leaving him as he shook his head* a Manager should never harm their employees.   It's leads to nothing but lost staff and lawsuits* he said  a bit of  hidden anger in that tone.  though hearing him ask about his tail he reached back grabbing that lone Felines tail  It was thick like a tigers tail would be. White furr and black markings along it* Tiger's *he said as he held his tail to his side for a moment.
I smile and wrap one of my tails around his and them wraps all our tails together.
Purring Dawn finishes her drink..
his ears perke dup feeling  Joe's tail wrap around his own tail.. feeling it's strength  as his blinked a bit at that.. But then smiled nodding to him about changing the subject* That is pretty much it..  Nothing really exiting for me going on. Still getting used to this place and every thing since i just arrived here. Dawn told me about this place suggesting i should, Come check it out *he said smieling.. reaching downa nd lightly poking at one of Joe's Tails that wasn't holding a tail a bit surprised by their strength.
my tail twitches as you touch it and I smile.
playfully she raked Nova's leg with toe claws as he was distracted.
he chuckled a smieling to him* That we should, Though i'm the one who started it by makeing a screwdriver when i came in really early in the monring *he said shifting a bit watching that tail wiggle befoer looking bazck up. his own tail being a feline reaction as it wiggled about in Joe's tai's grasp* And i have not yet at all. I only had a short visit once and i didn't get past a couch in here cause of a certain TigRESS!! *he jumped a bit at the rake along his leg. feeling her foot run along hhis kakcie coverd leg. Reachign downa nd poking her foot befoer it was out of reach.
blush and giggles listening to the two of them* can I assume the two tigers are together then? *I giggle watching them tease each other as I use my tails to wrap their tails together.
She blushes at the implication in reply she rubs her other paw down Joe's shin* the spa is very nice. Ohhh and the garden .
he blushed a s well at that. feeling those surpsising nimbled and strong tails work their tails together. He nodded with Dawn* yeah we've know eachother for a long time *he said. but then those floppy ears perked up hearing them talk up the place.
I giggle seeing how shy they are about the topic and decide not to push it* well if your done eating we could go right now? .
Dawn purred her side being petted. She stands and collects their dishes. Carrying them behind the counter and setting them in a sink* I could fancy a dip with two handsome men *She winks at them both.
his ear sperked agains at feeling the tail brushing against him.. purring kickingin as well. he watched down put their dishes in the clean sink before hearing what she said* well two against one again i see.  But this time i am in agreement *he said playfully. giving Joe's head a skritch agiain befoer slipping off the stool.  STanding there a moment and fixing that button up shirt and crimson tie a moment. Even though it would seem like they would be not that much more important in a few moments.
I murr as my head is pet and blush a little as they do my job for me* Dx I suck at bartending... *I giggle waving a tail in the air and steal his tie putting it on me* fair warning im a fox I tend to steal things... *I pet both their sides one last time before heading off towards the spa still wearing novas tie.
Dawn pads towards the locker room giggling at the "the boys". Forgetting her flip flops as she enters and goes to her locker room.
his ears perked  as Joe suddenly grabbed his tie* ACK CARE FULL THAT......s attached? *he said surpised and a little confused how skilly he got the tie off him since it was not a clip on. Hand checking his neck as if to see if it was well there* how di...*his ears perked seeing them both walking away* HEY WAIT FOR ME!!! *he said quickly chasing after them. since well he didn't know the lay out back there and would be a bit embarrising if he got lost as he caught up to Joe Follwing him as dawn when into her locker room.
I lead him into the guys locker room and the tie is gone and back around novas neck* hehe a fox never reveals his secrets *I giggle and start to undress wondering if nova knows the spa rules. I slowly slide the rest of my clothes off bending over showing off my rear a little.
Dawn strips down and sets her clothes in her locker. Taking a towel she pads over to the showers. Turning on the water she stands to the side adjusting the temp. She then slides under and shivers a little. The water sheeting off her furred body.
Nova followed shaking his head a moment at Joe's response and giggle  about how he got his tie off* then i guess it's a mistery *he said as he walked up to a locker and starting to undress him self. He had his top off  and hung that in the locker. Pants followed. He glanced over to see Joe well stripping fully . blushign a bit at the view of that rear befoer he stripped down fully as well. His own Stripped butt comeing into view as he  put the rest of the clothing away.  Standing there naked for a moment as he streatched* so is this a kind where we have to take a small modestiy towl in with us ? *he asked joe as he closed hte locker.
I giggle softly checking out the other tiger* or naked whatever your comfortable with :3 *I smile showing him where the towels are before heading into the showers as well.
Dawn stepped out of the showers and wrapped the towel around her. Coving from her bust to mid thigh. Smiling hearing the boys talking but unable to hear them exactly she patted out and sat near the door waiting.
he nodded at his response* alright,  alot like the place i used to enjoy alot.  A place just iwth hot tubs but well. Clothign was optional there as well *he said  as he he grabbed a towel and head and heading for the showers* what.. I..I .i I'm not blushing *he said blushing more as his tail flicked a bit more nervously behind him as they enterd teh showers.  he started hte water up with out relizeing how cold it would be at first* ACK!!!! *he let out at the sudden hit of cold water from the shower to get rinced off.
I giggle watching him as I rinse off quickly knowing its gonna be cold* race ya to the spa! *goes running out the door heading for the spa and goes whipping past dawn.
he started to turn abut well a bit of lack of feline fgrace and slip and fell down onto his butt with a thud. only to see those tails dissapper  out the door* slippery when wet *he mutterd getting up and heading out the door. towel in his hands . not bothering to put it on as he headed out the door to see dawn standing there* He's a Ball of foxy engery isn't he*he said smirking abit as he started walking to the spa.
She giggles seeing a bundle of white tails streak by. She stands and smiles at Nova's nudity and turns to spy their foxy friend* Something warm please! She calls out and grasps Nova's hand to start walking.
my claws scrape on the tile trying to stop but can't in time slamming into the smaller fox hitting the ground sliding farther and into the spa.
he chuckled a bit hearing her call out after Joe for something warm* wait they have cold spas? Why would one want a cold spa *he said chuckling a bit as he walked with Dawn holding her hand. his tail brushing and wrapping with hers as he purred a bit*. Though just before the corner he heard the sounds of the impact* What was that?*he said looking to Dawn.
Looking at Nova a worried look on her face she lets go of his hand and begins running.* You get Joe *She runs and looks for the brown fox desperately.
is half conscious in the water trying to figure out what happened as I start to sink.
he nodded starting to run and Jumped into the Spaw to rush to Joe's aid. bUt when he surfaced he saw that other fox was already helping him.  He blinked a moment at them both* Umm You both ok? *he asked the pair of foxes.
Padding to a stop she pants and smiles.* Hey are you ok? *She asked the brown fox seeing Joe in capable hands.
Nova nodded  as he made his way over to them as well.  Walking up to the other side of Joe from the other fox* Hey joe.. you with us still*he said  as he carefully put his hand onthe back of his head  lightly feeling befoer pulling away and looking at his hand  makeing sure he wasn't bleeding.
wakes up with start and sees everyone around me and blushes shyly.
 Dawn watches a worried scowl on her muzzle looking at Nova* concussed? *she slides in front of Joe and looked at his eyes watching pupil reaction.
giggles and hugs dawns twin only to fall on my face realizing I was seeing double.
he Saw that his hand was clean. just wet from the spa water he helped Joe up fully,  he watched hsi eyes  carefully as well. letting out a sigh.. but then ears perked seeing him try to hug the air quickly moveing to help him back up*  Eather that or just pureflly  Dazed and confused from Fox on Fox impact. That like dividing by zero or somthing *he said holding Joe steady.
Dawn smiles at Jules* elbow ok? May I see? *Asking pulling her towel up.
Shadow wakes up and walks out of his room, only in a towel.
I pout and hold onto somebody as we go to edge of spa my vision starting to come back.
he walked help Joe to the edge . letting him hodl onto him as he chuckled a bit*  Just an Eblow impact it seems *he said helping him sit on the edge.
The tigress shakes her head and steps aside Joe is sat on the edge of the spa.
I sigh and lay on edge.
Nova loked to dawn as she sat down next to them. though ears perked up chuckling a bit as Joes reaction* nope.  Your safty is more important than our enjoyment of the spa*he said  grabbing a near by towel and  folding it up a bit so Joe could use it to rest his head on.
Turning to Jules.
 he was about to speak when he looked ot Joe hearing him spout out something in repsonse to what he said before.
gives up and accepts my medic fate grumbling a little.
Dawn speaks with the medics giving them her assessments. Having been trained for treating wounds. She the. Steps aside letting them work.
Nova stayed there Next to Joe. Stepping out of the way for the MEdics to look them over.  Standing int he water waiting for what they would say. Looking over to Dawn and back to joe. Tail swaying behind him nervously.
the medic chuckles as he looks at the kitsune* "all of you kitsunes are the same, ssoo picky about your tails" *he grabs my tails making me squeak in surprise as he re organizes them and stretches and pulls certain ones until he hears me sigh as all the doubles disappear .
Dawn shakes her head and laughs.
I blush embarrassed* kitsunes are not that clutsy! *my tail catches the edge of the spa in my little fit and accidently pulls myself in.
his floppy ears perked up seeing and hearing what the medics did and said to do. chuckling a bit as shaking his head a bit* well one way to say the tail is the key to every thing*he said chucklking a bit.. he thanked and bowed as well walking over to Dawn* have to keep that in mind next time he has a Fox and Fox crash *he said playfully.
She giggles and sits. Her feet in the water watching Jules and Joe.
blushes softly and hugs jules.
he chuckle d abit sitting down next to her. poking her foot with his own foot as his tail wrappe dnad brushed against hers* this place has alot of intresting people in it thats for sure*he said smieling as he watched as well. a bit of a purr kicking in again.
I blush kissing back giggling softly* no promises .
She smiles and offers a hand to Jules.
he reached out his own hand as well in greeting* Nova, PLeasure to meet you as well Jules * he said smiling.
Shakes in return.
I smile watching all the greetings as I float about in the water.
Loud clanging is heard as a goat falls from out of a vent nearby. He's covered in dust and laden with a mixture of plain clothes and spec-ops gear... He- as per tradition- slams into the floor, lacking grace..
The tigress slides her towel out from and slides into the water* purrring feeling the warm water come up to her neck.
giggles waving to jules.
he chuckled a bit* now we can enjoy this spac keep hearing great things about *he said as he slips in next to her.. brushiung his ears back over his shoudlers once again.  a purr kicking in as he smiled leaning back a bit* mmm this does feel nice*he said as he let hte hot water wokr over his nude form.
I blush at the comment and sit in Jules lap.
I blush darkly at the affection tilting my head slightly for you.
I recover to a crouch, half covered in dust and dazed, before tac-tac-ing off the wall and back into the vents, dissapearing with the muffled sound of bending metal..
A note on the wall reads "Immersive Storytelling".
I stroll into the garden my 9 tails gently dragging through the grass as I find a nice spot under a tree with good view of the rest of the garden to relax. I lean against the tree and half doze off.
Further up into the tree, a large figure lay resting upon a hammock made of silk. It's brilliant sheen reflecting the light at certain angles as the figure resting in the center twitched. Her webbing along the base of the tree tugged against her nest as she opened her eyes, all eight of them as she glanced around..
I notice the light reflecting into my eyes on occasion and look up nearly jumping out of my skin.
yawning as  he decided to explore around the place some more.  back in his normal out fit, Black button up shirt, Crimson tie, Black kackie pants.  The Half tiger Half Rabbit mix stepped around the corner seeing the large Garden. Floppy ears perking up what little they could. Crimson eyes looking over the place* Damn how big is this place: *he mutterd to him self as he  stepped into the garden.  looking about, not haveing expected this to be in here at all.
I blink a few time at the light suddenly realizing im upside down above the tree and tied * O.O h-hello..? *I know someone's around but not sure where as I make sure my tails are still free.
I look at the spider type gal curiously as I giggle and rub the back of my head* hehe thank you I think...? ^^ im just a very friendly kitsune but uhh *squirms a bit.
I yip as im suddenly right side up again my hands still tied together* that's better ^^ what was I saying...oh yea we aren't silly! ...well kitsunes are...and foxes... Erm nevermind... *I chuckle my tails swaying softly making sure not to touch anything.
I smile innocently and blush a little feeling the spider gal holding me close * I prefer to talk my way out of  situations especially with a lovely girl like yourself~ .
I chuckle as you have my attention with this game* well us foxes all taste the same...but kitsune's bring a unique flare to the bedroom you dont get with a fox *I smile providing my first argument as I still hang there watching the young spider make her rounds and sit in front of me.
I giggle watching the mark being added as I propose a second argument* well as you pointed out kitsunes are mythical and known for their fire *my tails catch on fire for a couple seconds.
I giggle and smile* oh dont worry about me during the fall, my third argument hmm *I think.
I smile and laugh* yay! And no promises about that *I rub my wrists as im set free still watching you curiously.
I giggle as im slowly brought down* I like all my food cooked/deepfried *I   smile.
points to the OOC chat<3.
the kitsune naps at the bottom of the large tree with the giant spider web his head resting on his tails.
 I walk down stairs up all night as usual, and plop down on the sofa and flip on the livingroom TV..
 I sit in the lobby of the hotel in Tokyo. I flip through the channels finding nothing i can understand, setteling on an old Godzilla movie. This was my firs time in Japan and i did not know much of the culture or language. it had been a busness trip turned lesure when the person i was supposed to meet died suddenly in a car crash. I sighed, being bored. Nobody eamed to like talking here..
 I wander back to my room, half drunk on Sake. This had been my first time in Japan and it was turing out to be quite boring. I had come on a busness trip turned leasure. No friends to go out with and i did not know the language. I closed the light wood and paper door behind me setteling down on to the floor in fronbt of the table and i open my lap top..
 I sigh and light up a smoke as i browse the internet eventually, enevitibly comming on to some porno..
 I get sick of what i am find on the internet and get up again. I put out my smole and without putting on my boots i head out again to wander the hotel..
a large nude sergal standing at the counter complains about smells in her room. Trying to get a different room but gets rejected. She huffs and spots Remington. She just crosses paths with him as she heads to the spa..
 Eyes looking a bit tired i lift my paw in greeting, giving a little smile and a wave as we cross paths..
she stops to have a chat* yeah. And they won't give me a new one. Saying "oh dear, it has been clean to the best" their best is not my best.. .
 i blush a little bit.* My room has a place for two people. I mean if it bothers you that much. Ill even smoke outside if you like. * Blushes a little deeper..
she smiles. Looking the way to the spa baths* sure. We could talk more about it in the spa. Wanna come with? *her thunder cloud grey fur ripples a bit as a air vent kicks in. She moves out of the way of the air blast..
 Start to follow you as we make our way tothe spa. Looking back over my shoulder at the lady spider befor turning back and moving down the hall with you, shivering a bit at the cold air blas my self..
the sergal leads Remo to many hot spring rooms, with windows and views. She finds an empty one and walks in, already panting from the humid warm air that washes out. She quickly gets into the water..
 I smile stripping down to my boxers and slipping in to the wwater with you . i blush deeply and sit my upper body down a bit slower than the rest, the flesh on my sides and chest a little tinder to the heat of the water. I can help but look you over as i do. I keep my glances quick however, doing my best to be respectful..
she smirks, enjoying watching you look her up every few second* look if you wish. I am proud of my body. *she says as she lifts a soaking paw to her chest, moving some fur showing scars of fights past. Going around her front showing she has scars and such. But does not mind them. She stops and looks you up too..
 I smile looking you over freely now, admiring your scars.* Perhaps i shouldent have been so shy to leave my boxers on while in the water. * I chuickle a little..
she smiles and unfurls her hood from her sex. Letting it hang in the water..
the sergal looks over her shoulder at the door. Just looking, maybe hearing something..
 I blush again reachin below the water and removing my now soaking boxers.* Very well then. * I stand to show off the rest of my body to you.  I am not super endowed but my sheath did look like it might be holding somethisg substantial. I  look down in to the water to see your strange but not offputting genitailia .
she just smiles and watches.* you look really nice. *she says as her hood sways in the water. She wags her tail and perks her ears..
 l point over at the spider woman. * Looks like we have a new comer. * I sit down in the water again, this time being a little more bold. I scoot up next to you..
thunder just grins and leans back, relaxing. She waves the arachnid in. Offering the pool to share..
 i say peering down in to the water again..
 I blush and start purring as you pet me..
she opens her legs more..
walks in and waves.
 i look a tad supprised at  that. I look down again and my paw snakes over yout thigh slowly and probes a little at that hood. you can see that i am examining it . My paw probes further and pushes against your sex a little giving it a soft rub. I cant help but get slightly aroused by this..
she smiles and wags her tail slowly. Moving the water happily, her hood slowly curling around your wrist. Her sex already a little wet. The water stripping some away as you rub. She looks down to your hips seeing how hard you are.
 Again a express a little shock, seeing that your hood was prehinsile. I roll my wrist a little giving that hood just the slightest of strength tests. It was not long before i was hard as a rock under the water and you would slowly feel my diget push inside your sex. I was gential, and i looked upp at you as i did this..
she boops you and curls an arm around you. Grabbing your cock with her large paw. Her hood gets real tight then lets go of your wrist.* you are really cute. Continue to ex- *she shivers a bit as you rub and explore..
 I say moaning and grunting a little when you move your arm around me and grip my cock.  I push my middle finger in to you all the way up to the last knuckle, even though yoiur hood had let go of my wrist. You could feel my nine inch cock throbb in your paw. I am about as big around as a red bull can. I start punping my finger in and out of you slowly..
thunder grins at the spider. Blushing and just letting go of Remo's cock. And just uses her hood to tug his hand away.* I know. And umm. *she just gasps a bit* gosh Remo, I said explore not foreplay.. .
 I pant a bit pulling my hand away.* I- I know i am sorry i got carried away. * I blush deeply..
she peers at the spider. Almost moving to stand up.* I don't need a spider reminding me what I already know. *clearly proud the way she is. Fur furling as she beefs up a bit..
 This, Was starting to get a bit out of hand. I stood up between the two of you. Still hard, i seam not to be to shy now..
the sergal calms back down. Growling slightly.* I was not planning on sex. So no. We were not going to. I would have stopped him anyway.. I don't need you telling me. I have fought many Synxs, don't test me spider. .
 Being ignored, i sit back down in the water, not wanting to get in the middle of a fight when there was a good chance both femails gould kick my ass on there own if they wanted to. I sit and purr softly as i am petted, hoping the argument would end without any sort of violence..
 now knowing that I had gotten aroused and wasent going to get any I did my best to make my erection go away..
the sergal grins a rather sick grin.. or is it a stupid one.. she stands up and cackles a good sergal laugh.* have you fought two synxs at once? And won only with a few bruises? I hunt down the most wicked child eaters at night. But you... you are something different my friend. *she cackles a laugh, it's clear that grin earlier was a stupid sergal grin.* I take it you are calm more. More than any sort of night creature. I like that. We should get a drink some time. *she says throwing a paw forward for some sort of awkward fist bump. Female or male, sergals can be pretty thick and pretty smart at times..
thunder cackles at smiles at the fist bump.* why try to kill you, if you had an intention we would already be fighting. And I want to say I'd win.. hearing you I dunno. Truce over drinks. And why don't you come enjoy the water. *she says as she sits back down and pets the cap out of Remo's face playfully..
 I sit there looking back and fourth between the two, waiting for the pissing contest to be over. My face was patted and i was starting to feel a bit like a comodity..
the kitsune watches the three of them from the other side of the spa, his legs swinging in the water and tails swaying behind him. He stretches slowly relaxing his muscles.
the sergal relaxes.* well if water is your enemy I will bring a bucket! *she laughs playfully and smiles. Then boops Remo.* sorry for all the fuss. Misunderstandings happen, weather that be guessing, overconfidence or something else. Nobody got hurt. *she smiles and responds .
 I am booped.* Its alright i guess. I was just keeping quiet. Keeping ones insides, inside, is one of my top prioritys. * I chuckle nervously sitting there, not sure what to do now..
thunder just relaxes in the water. She fiddles with her mouth a second opening her jaw she let's out a loud 'CLACK' it was the sound of her tongue and the pressure difference she released.* well. What shall we do or talk about now? *she pets and rubs Reno's sides. Going down to his sheathe. Messing with him. Just doing it to mess with him..
 I murr softly as your paw wanders down to my groin again.* You know i am getting very mixed signals here. * The loud snap hurt my ears a little and i slip down in to the water a little more ..
 I take you by the wrist and move your claw away..
she nods and just pets him..
 I make a slightly frustrated sound and rub myself rather roughly, causing a little pain in my balls, a tactic to try and stop any lingering arousal. It only worked a little. I lean in to the pets..
 I move over actually sitting in your lap, my weight made slight by the water. I stretch out almoast floating..
thunder gives him some belly rubs..
 I pick up the cilinder and look at and then back at you. I smerk a little. * Tahnks, I guess. But uh, Isent it better fresh? * i purr at the belly rubbs. I was starting to think my cock had an "Out of order" Sign on it or something..
 I smile and grin a bit*You know what.* I toss your gift back at you.* My turn to tease a bit. Your hungry, come by my room a little later and ill give you all you want. I think ive had enough of the Spa for now. Room is 224B. * I stand up and get out of the water taking a towel and drying off..
the sergal just rubs all the way from the next. All the way down to the hips and over the balls and up over the nips. Just giving very wide and nice pettings.
 I reach down and pet your head before giving you a smile and a wink before i take my leave of the Spa room..
she'd eat her 'gift', wanting to recycle her webs.
she nods and wags her tail..
 I make it back to my room and plop down on the mat, curling up in the fetel position. my balls, how ever red my fur was, were blue and aching. I took a deep breath and close my eyes. I could not stand to be around such attractive femails any longer after being teased so..
the sergal wags her tail and shivers dripping wet.
 I curse myself at having denyed the spiderladys " Toy". I groan and roll over making my way back to my lap top. Not being to hold out any longer. I needed reliece..
she smiles and tries more to get the water out of her fur..
follows the spider. Wagging her tail and air drying. Shivering every few seconds as she cools down..
 Your cell phone buzzes in your pocket. Its a Text message. It reads. " For a good time room 248b Signed -Remington-.
thunder follows all the way. Still damp.
thunder shakes her head and denies the clothes..
she sits and wags her tail. Smiling as she ponders what to drink..
thunder orders a Manhattan. And ponders.* I had no intention of sex. I do let people explore. He got a bit close. I let him. But would keep him from going too far. I don't plan to go find him now. *she gets it and drinks it. Peering at it, sipping again..* 212.. do it right. *she pushes it forward getting it remade...
thunder sips the new one..* okay.. this is fucking vodka.. now you are just fucking with me. *she peers at the bartender.* I would of paid for the mistake, but after this prank. I'm only paying for the right drink.. *she pushes it forward to get another one.. looking up to the spider..
she pulls her fur around shoeing scars hidden through time.
she nods and sips her drink. Then chugs it. Wagging her tail. Then puts money down..
raised her glass.
I yawns gently as I open the door to my bedroom and exit trying to be silent as i lock my door.  The kitsune had been unable to sleep and decided to take a stroll down the halls of the spa and maybe take a dip in one of the hotter spas.
the kitsune relaxes in the spa having picked a corner he can watch the door as his 9 tails float on the water.
kitten enters the spa, searching through the steam to find the hot water.
kitten steps on something soft followed by a yelp* that's my tail Dx *the kitsune cries out unable to see who has stepped on him through the steam.
puurs in panic jumping back* I didn't mean to! I was just searching for the hot water! *she apolgies hiding her red face in her hands, forgeting that she can't be seen anyways.
I hug my stepped on tail and giggle softly* ish otey mysterious voice ^^ the water is uhh well where my voice is *I chuckle and fwap the water with my tail so you know where it is.
my ears perk as I walk towards the sound, my paw stepping on the water as I come crushing face down into the water* blrrr blop blrr *my heads pops up* stupid steam bllrr *some water leaves my nose.
the fox relaxes in his bed. He yawns from a good sleep, yet, feels tired. His alarm clock goes off.* Uhhhhh fuck. *the fox gets up then turns off the alarm clock before laying back down..
I giggle and help you sit up in the water finally seeing the kitten I've been talking to and smiles softly* ish all good its nice to meet who I've been talking to ^~^ *I giggle and my 9 tails sway behind me.
I look mesmerized at the nine tails* woah..! *my eyes shine as I follow them, unable to take my eyes off.
I blush a little as I see you watching my tails and bring a couple of them around to your paws so you can feel them.
I feel the tails trying them with my paws then gently nuzzling one of them hidung my cheeks in it.
I blush shyly and murr feeling you nuzzle my tail* hehe your so cute ^//^  and of course you can *I sit back down in the hot spa letting you keep my tails.
I play around with the tails a bit as if they were yarn balls, after I get tired I grab a few of them and nuzzle them into a pillow laying in the water using them as a pillow, my face deep in your fur.
I giggle and pet your head as you lay down* have fun? *I yawn gently relaxing and trying to get a kink out of my neck.
I show off with my hands as if I was chasing tails around, eyes sparkle with joy.
I murr playfully and take off into the steam as you get one last glimpse of my 9 tails disappearing and you hear my paws gently padding across the tile.
I jump out of the water, chasing into the steam trying to leashe and grab on the tails as they run away.
I laugh just dodging your grab as my claws scrape against the tile trying to get away* nnuuu! *my tails flick around.
I pounce from tile to tile running in my fours, meowing each time I leap to ccatch one.
I laugh as you finally catch a bunch of them and I tumble across the floor my tails and arms flailing.
I giggles as I cuddle in the tail, crawiling up grabing your hand* no more running! kitten wants a friend! *Purrs angirly.
I laugh hearing the adorable angry purr as I pet your head letting you have all my tails as we lay on the warm tiles.
cuddles in them like a warm bed and blanket, purring happily, laying there slowly falling asleep, taking one tail niping at it.
I yelp softly as you nip my tail and you notice the kitsune next to you had changed into a feral one, a black bow on his head as he blinks at you.
I silently leave the tail* umm sorry didn't want to get you mad, I tend to nip stuff when I'm tired *I mumble blushing slightly crawling a bit backwards in fear.
I yip and growl softly and not threatening as I try to remember how to talk in this form* mmrow s-sorry if my tail gets nipped I change into a feral kitsune ^^ its quite alright *I smile gently at you looking up with kind eyes as I pad over and sit next to you, my tails now being bigger then me.
giggles falling into your tail, cuddling in them.
I giggle watching you snuggle my tails watching you curiously as I lick my paw.
I ask interssted, laying lazy between them purring happily.
I giggle waving one in front of you as I sit in your lap being a feral kitsune I dont weigh much now.
I gently nip on it again, blushing at the odd feelimg.
I poof back to normal size still in your lap and laugh* hehe its fun ^~^ I have one other change I can do *I smile and poke you with my tail.
I ask giggling happy to see you back.
I blush darkly looking away* I uhh dont really show people that one its a little more embarrassing *i hide behind one of my tails.
I say hugging your tail tightly enjoying it's softness.
I giggle and my tail squirms trying to get free* nya fine I tell you *I lean over and whisper in your ear still blushing gently.
a blush covers my cheeks* uhh that's cuteee, can I bite your ear? for the fun of it? *giggles poking it.
I blush darkly and hug embarrassed my ear flicking as you poke it.
I look at Joe.
I giggle and hug the cute kitten waving at jules* this is my little drunk fox Jules ^^ Jules this is uhh...*blushes.
smiles vividly hugging your tail using it as a pillow.
giggles as im not given a choice watching the two of them my tails swaying.
I giggle being hugged leaned on and tugged around by the two of them my tails swaying softly.
purrs angirly* mine mine mine *I pull out my tongue out trying to hug five tails at once.
I notice his swaying start to get really bad and I put out my tails to catch him.
I giggle and wrap my tails around both of them.
blush covers my cheeks* I just want to play with him that's all... *wiggles my tail in sad motions.
I hug him still having my tails wrapped around alice.
I giggle and stand up spinning my tails quickly to clear the steam.
my big fox ears pick up the crying as I start heading that direction walking through the grass.
I pick up the kitten tickling her with a couple of my tails walking back towards the spa.
I blush as you carry me to the spa hiding in your tails.
I giggle and spin Jules around with my tail so he is looking at us.
I mumble cleaning my eyes.
me spinning him throws off my balance as I fall into the spa bringing Alice with me.
I get covered in water again breaking into laugher.
I laugh hugging the both of them and make sure there's no pressure on Jules broken hand.
I giggles spalshing some water at you.
is stopped mid sentence by the kiss squeaking softly and blushing darkly* pshh im better~ *I giggle.
i quietly slip into the spa on the other side of the three and just watch awkwardly as they argue over who's the better lover.
I hide my sad face in the water.
blush and cough.
blush embarrassed* we are friends not married *I giggle.
I scratch my head finally getting it* oh so now it all makes sense! You two got divorced, and you got really sad and threw the fing at a wolf, yet the sadness and sorrow of the bottle brough you back to your darling joe, now claiming ti be friends you try to wun his heart back, marry him again, that's lovely! What a love story *I purr happily.
leans over giving the fox a kiss as payback for earlier and giggle.
I giggle and lean on Jules just rolling with it.
I smile awkwardly.
I giggle and dive in.
brain melt, not respinding.
I follow him out of the water.
the kitsune sits at the spa noticing how quiet its been. His legs dangle in the water swinging slowly back and forth. One of his tail tips draws slow circles in the warm water.
padding over to the kit, the ottermute stands at your side, speaking softly so as not to startle you* Hey there. *dropping to a squat, he smiles at you, wearing naught but a tightly fitting pair of trunks.
I hear the foot falls and then the voice as i look over to see the ottermute and I smile gently my other tails swaying* sure I'd love some company *I blush a little seeing his trunks being naked myself and lay a couple tails over my lap* im Joe *I reach out a paw.
The tiger himself had settled into a nice, comfortable lounging position inside the corner of the spa, purring softly to himself as he dozed, one ear perked as he heard the faint patter of footsteps and conversation as he sat in the water.
meeting your paw with his own, he shakes yours, smiling brightly* Name's Lyte. *standing up, the larger male notices the nudity of the fox, and he strips out of his trunks, folding them neatly before sitting down, letting his sheath and heavy orbs breathe in the cool night air* Mhm... *dipping his soft feetpaws into the water, he curls his toes, noticing the tiger.
my face turns even darker as the larger male strips naked next to me and my tails sway a little faster. I look over and wave at armor too.
Perking his other ear, hearing the ottermutes voice, the tiger swished his tail gently under the water as he smiled at him* "Hey. Nice to meet you." *He gave a gentle huff and relaxed a bit more, eyebrow raising and a grin tugging at the side of the feline's muzzle as he saw the otter strip..
blushing a little as he noticed Armor admiring his nudity, he turned his head to the side shyly. his toes flexed out in the water, admiring the big cat, before he turned to the kit and gently kissed the smaller guy's cheek.
I mewl at the kiss and complement looking away my tails swaying faster obviously happy* am not cute *I grumble quietly trying to get my blush to not be so bright.
gently rubbing the fox's side with a couple knuckles, he smirks, gently gesturing to the tiger with his soft feetpaws.
Shifting a bit from the sudden attention, the tiger gave one more subtle huff, sitting up a bit more straight as he watched the newcomers pile in. His tail gently stirred the warm water below his footpaws, which were slightly raised from the floor. The tiger perked an ear and turned his head to the footpaw of the ottermute, grinning and chuckling a bit..
I murr softly feeling him rub my side as I gently scoot closer to him and notice Jules enter.
murring softly, he  nuzzles against the fox's snout, wrapping an arm around you. looking to the tiger, he smirked, chuckling a bit* Now now, he seems like he wants to at least be snuggly. *licking Joe's ear, he churrs in delight, taking in your scent.
he yawned as he walked back intot he spa from the changing and wash rooms.  The Mix breed of White tiger and Rabbit glanced through the steam of the place. SEeing hte fuzzy shapes in there.. He could hear voices as those long floppy ears perked a bit.. a Towel was warpped around his waist as he streached a moment and stepped futher in. tail swaying a bit behind him. Crimson hair and his white and black furr damp from the shower befoer he stepped into the main area of the spa.
I blush dark again having just got it under control* n-no!...maybe... *I nuzzle back against the otter smiling a couple of my tails wrapping around him as I feel his arm around me.
smiling, he gently kisses your cheek again, lovingly stroking your side as his toes curl in the water. After a moment, he pulls his head back before tilting his head.
I smile shyly at lyte* with you of course! Err uhh I mean like not because of you but uhh erm look water >////> *I give up trying to talk as i step into the water letting my tails move how they want so you get a good view of the kitsune before I disappear under water.
smirking, the ottermute propped himself up before dropping into the water. Eyeing the moving shadow under the water, he, too, fell beneath it, his well-equiped body allowing him to easily move through the water. Sneaking up behind the fox, he gently grabbed you from behind, giggling from under the water.
I squeak in surprise and giggle as im caught and swim to the surface* I suppose I shouldn't try to out swim an otter *my tails sway in the water as I keep my balence.
 he nodded to the others. Giveing a nod and smiel back to Amor.  . he glanced about a moment befoer makeing his way to the main pool of water in the spa. setting into it as he let out a sigh feeling the hot water start to wrap around his form.. sinking down to his neck for a moment bbefoer standing back up. shaking his head a bit as he stepped  through the water to one of the spots where could sit and relax.
going to the surface as well, he gently wraps his arms around your sides, pressing his nose to yours. He rubbed his toes gently with yours, murring as he admired your eyes, and his sheath swelled a bit from being that close.
I blush and having your muzzle so close I gently kiss your lips my toes playing with yours and bite my lip noticing your growing sheath.
smirking softly, he kisses you back before stroking your sides. As he felt Armor's tail flick his footpaw, he broke the kiss and looked over at the tiger, chuckling a bit* You're welcome to come closer. *he smirked, going back to kissing the fox he'd been lucky enough to be close to, while wiggling his rump teasingly in the tiger's direction.
I blush darkly and nod in agreement for armor to join us as I gently wrap my arms around the otters neck kissing him more and pressing close into his body feeling his sheath.
He gives a grin and chuckle, giving his nose a lick and perking his ears as he watched the two float and cuddle.
chuckling a bit, he looked at his newfound foxy playmate, licking his lips* What do you think, pup? Should we cater to the witholding kitty over there? *strokes your sides, his member starting to push from his sheath as he looks into your eyes.
I murr gently starting to feel you poke out of your sheath.
Stammers a bit and turns his head quickly, seeing Jules right next to him in the spa. His eyes go wide and apologetic.
smiling softly, he gently kisses you again, murring deeply* Sounds perfect to me... *gently grabbing you, he lifts you up onto the edge of the pool, keeping his lips pressed to yours, enjoying your taste.
sighs and hops up on the edge of the pool with Joe having left, flopping back on the concrete behind him.
His whiskers twitching and his smile prominent, he licks your tongue back, purring gently.
proping himself up, he looks at the two.
The tiger chuckles and waves you over, nipping Jules' ears gently before looking at the ottermute* "You two are too hard on yourselves. Come cuddle with me! I'm sure Jules would be perfectly fine." He smiles warmly and raises his tail out of the water.
wading into the water a bit, he dips under, swimming quickly over to the pair before carefully standing up, so as to not get Jules' cast wet. Running a paw through his soaked headfur, he pads over to Armor's side, gently nuzzling against his snout.
The tiger lets out a deep, soft purr, settling against the two and lapping gently at the otter's muzzle.
blushes softly at the licks, gently licking at the tiger's tongue before  rubbing his chest gently. The ottermute's toes curled in pleasure, gently stroking finger through the tiger's fur.
The tiger laughs at the comment and puts to rest the otters worries with a small kiss on the nose, purring and smiling.
murrs softly, gently stroking that paw lower, gently kneading those fingers into the tiger's tummy, face scarlet* Good... T-Thanks, hun. *gently licking his lips, the slightly smaller male smiled, giggling a little.
 "You wish!" *His torso, wet from the water, flexes unintentionally, and he chuffs a bit, embarrassed that the otter might think he was trying to show off. He dismissed it quickly however at the comment and smiled again, turning his head to give your ears a gentle nip.
sighs a little, looking away slightly, as he continues gently rubbing Armor's tummy* I-I just... I dunno. I'm a little new to this... I-I'm not sure how far to go, what's too far... *biting his lip, he runs his free paw over his chest nervously.
The tiger sighs and smiles, purring gently and rubbing the otter's back. He nuzzles your face back towards him and looks in your eyes, pressing his nose to yours for a few seconds* "I'll tell you if you go too far hun. Honestly, you shouldn't worry about it at all~ you're perfectly fine. Monogamy is a great thing to practice." *The tiger lapped at your ears once more, shifting closer to the wall of the spa's water.
gently nuzzling Armor's snout, he kisses the tiger's cheek, stroking his side.
He smiles again, tail flitting and wrapping gently around your leg as his fur tries to fluff for your paw..
nods a little bit, gently stroking Jules's unharmed arm and Armor's blly still.
The tiger chuckles and kisses you both, his paws on either of your thighs.
murring softly, the ottermute kisses the tiger softly on the lips, shivering a little as his fingers clutched at Armor's chest fur.
He returned the kiss happily and fluffed his fur once more, giving soft, gentle purrs through his throat as his tail clutches the otter's leg.
he yips softly as that tail latched around his leg, and an elated squeak could be heard as he slid his tongue slowly into your maw, tasting you.
moaning softly into you, he wraps his arms around your neck, arching his back and pressing his slender body to yours. His toes curled under the water, and his large tail wrapped around your side gently.
Lets a slow, steady growl rumble from his chest, his other paw putting itself on your lower back as he moves you to his lap, facing him, snaking his tongue gently in with yours and tensing his shoulders.
his heart skipped a beat as you moved him, keeping the kiss deep and passionate as he tasted you, letting my minty tongue explore your maw. His paws roamed down your chest to your tummy, his digits quivering a bit from his nerves.
His own paws squeezed at your fluffy fur slowly and firmly, working their way down your body from your upper back, massaging as he tilted his head into the kiss, purring softly.
he tilted his head as well, but opposite yours, his paws trailing lower to your sheath, and his toes flexed out a bit as he felt the fur on it.
He said, pulling off the kiss momentarily and nuzzling the otter's snout up affectionately, flicking his ears slightly embarrassed.
biting his lip softly, he gently strokes over your snout, blushing deeply.
The tiger looks up at the otter slightly puzzled before looking at Jules, his ears folded back.
murrs softly, slowly rubbing your chest as he rests his head on your shoulder with a timid sigh.
He says, holding the ottermute and looking up at you. His chest tensing and his eyes closing, soft blush formed on his cheeks.
blushing as he saw your blush, he gently caressed your sides, still sitting in your lap comfortably, toes idly curling off and on.
He chuckles, his paws placing themselves nonchalantly on your rump cheeks, his blush fading slowly, regaining his composure.
he moans out rather girlishly, his eyes closing as he arches his back, pushing his rump out into your grip as the feeling makes his sheath swell a bit* "M-Might be, but either way... " *he looks into your eyes, biting his lip softly as he pulls your sheath down over your fleshy tip gently.
blushing at your words, he pulls his head back, gently lifting your muzzle to plant his lips on yours again gently, his paw eagerly roaming over your sheath and orbs, toes curling, and chills running down his spine as your paws kneaded at his rump cheeks.
the kitsune yawns walking out of his room heading towards the spa. He sighs not wanting to work today and have to leave the beautiful spa but he accepts his fate and decides to relax before then.  He enters the showers.
as the kitsune finishes his shower he wraps a towel around his neck heading into the spa and gasp a little bit not expecting to find a large dragon* oh hello there ^^ *the kitsune squeaks out walking towards the water.
the kitsunes face turns a nice shade of red from embarrassment having both woke her up and gasping when he walked in* s-sorry.. *he goes to the spa a distance away from her and gently hops in so as not to disturb her.  He sighs feeling the hot water soak into his fur.
the kitsune notices the third occupant and waves to him with one of his white tails with a purple tip.
Slaps Hindai's titties.
covers them up after they were slapped, her nipples getting hard from the slapping.
i lay down on a nice path of grass under a tree as I relax. I am in my jeans and shirtless since the sun is nice and warm. I am with my eyes closed as I was enjoying my free time.
 smile and kisses His lips back .
rolls his eyes.
chuckles and is a voyeur kind of foxy.
 wraps her arms around his neck .
pulls out and reads a newspaper.
smile purr and Sing  .
 look at you and sings .
taking his hand touch her breast.
moves the box.
murrs while watching.
 touch Kage penis .
sits near the newspaper guy eating popcorn.
play Kage penis.
kiss his lips and neck.
munches loudly.
 moaned happily .
shrugs, setting it down to eat some popcorn.
 moaned more.
blushes, show open vagina to him.
caress his face .
freach kiss him and caress his naked chest .
moaned more, caress his penis .
 fast playing his hard penis .
murrs and naps and dreams.
steals his news paper and makes a giant paper airplane.
is confused because he is the one with the newspaper.
moaned more and sings  .
A large horse walks in, his body imposing at almost eight feet tall with large slabs of muscle moving under his tan fur-covered skin. His melon-sized balls jostle between his thick thighs as he walks, wide hoofs making loud clacking noises on the pools concrete perimeter. The horses only attire is a too-small swimsuit, accentuating the outlines of his sheath and family jewels..
the kitsune yawns opening the door to his room on the second floor, he stretches slowly getting his back to pop in a few places as he opens the door wider for alice.
she giggles grabbing his hand and following him through to the spa.
squeaks as im dragged along and as we walk through the halls and past the breakfast area I snatch an apple my tummy growling.
pulls you into the spa eager to get to the water to get cleaned, seeing the water I jump in.
I giggle watching her jump in so quick as I sit on the edge eating my apple tails swaying behind me.
she says giggling, she wiggles her tail in the water purring and realsing bubbles from her nose.
I laugh tossing the apple core away as I gently slide into the water feeling it soak through my fur as I sit in the water murring contently.
purrs happily pulling his tails close to me hugging their wet fluffiness* I know you do~ that's why I like you *giggles.
The pale white ferret opens the door to the spa. Never being a shy one walks out with a towel over his shoulder, otherwise nude. Waking to the other side slipping into the water and trying his best not to -obviously- watch the other two.
I smile and kiss your cheek as you hug my tails* so cute *i notice another person in the Spa and wave softly.
I say shyly dropping into the flufy tails of the kitsune.
the ferret returns with a thumps up* I would say don't stop on my account... But I have a feeling you two have no plans to slow down *with that he scoots a good bit closer for a better view of the activities.
I blush at the implications as I peel my tails apart exposing my hiding kitten* what do you think hun? Care to continue? *I lean down kissing her head letting out a playful little growl.
 sings them * good guys... ^w^ * sweet smile .
giggles and kissing back* of course I don't mind~ *a small blushes my cheeks hugging close to your fur.
touch her shoulder .
giggles awkwardly holding joe's tail.
I pull Alice into my lap kissing her head as she talks to the newcomer.
wraps my legs around joe's under the water, claiming them.
I murr running my paw down her cheek before holding her hips growling playfully.
the ferret thinks of all the witty things to say but holds back, for now. One arm slipping under the water moving towards his crotch hopefully getting ready for a show..
I say my leg slipping down pushing a "certian" place.
I giggle and nip her neck playfully* im sure it would surprise our audience~ *I murr gently at her press.
I say giggling giving you a dmall nip on the ear, just as my hand slips down between your legs.
I moan gently as the bite to my ear changes me from a male kitsune to a cboy and I feel her paw run between my legs making me blush darkly and hug Alice tighter.
I say gently kissing joe's neck, niping a bit as my paw moves around his walls.
the ferret getting more brazen by the scene decides to further put pressure on Joe, standing and waking over to the edge right next to them. His member out and growing, one paw on it and the other gripping the ground to let him get a good, up close view of the kitsune and kitten.
I blush darkly from the attention from the beautiful kitten as I moan again squirming in her grasp feeling her exploring paw. I look over and blush darkly seeing the ferret and notice his cock* o///o *I look to Alice for permission to help the poor ferret with his large issue.
I say as I notice* hut for now I want to try this out~ *I say as my paw pushes againts the clit, simultaneously biting your neck.
the ferret waits for the cboy to reach for his member and gives it a light smack.
I whimper submissively as I feel her pressure to my clit and sharp teeth on my neck as I tilt my head making it easier for her to get to my neck.
my paw slowly massages around it, pressing a bit spreading your inner lips.
he starts to rub up and down Joe's back slowly moving down to the cute butt. Other paw openly stroking himself.
I nod blushing darkly still as my tails curl in pleasure letting out a couple more moans feeling your fingers explore deeper inside me.
I squeak noticing the other paws running down my back as I squirm a little with all the attention.
I proclaim giving a bite to his neck and shoulder, pushing my paw in a bit, giving a good attention to every part.
I blush darkly wondering if she is trying to fit her entire paw inside me as I whimper a little more submitting to her desires still. I moan softly feeling her teeth at my neck again.
He grips Joe's butt tightly with a low growl.
I ask winking as I push up two fingers into his front entrance, teasing his insides.
I blush darkly and nod feeling his grip on my rear as Alice has two fingers inside me.
The ferret gets ready and with a swift movent, one arm around Joe's legs the other his lower back he picks him up. Moving each arm to both of Joe's legs spreading then. His member rock hard and throbbing.
I gently move joe with my fingers, pushing his inside just so he sits up with his backdoor to fun's throbbing member.
Tempest, young husky, got out of the changing room, just in his swim trunks. He wanted to relax in a spa. As he saw some fun going on at the the pool he blushed and he tried to hide somewhere, but he was too loud so he betrayed himself.
I bite my lip as im pulled on top of the stranger feeling his cock get lined up with my tail hole all while Alice still presses and teases my wet slit making me squeak and blush again.
 touch his shoulder and smiles, sighs * hello Tempest. ^w^ *purr .
he was planning on taking it slow but the encouragement from Alice makes him effectively drop the kitsune on his member giving a thrust as he does so. His tight grip still on the kitsune legs making sure they are spread and open for Alice and any onlookers.
he waved and continued to watch the fun.
 smile purr and kisses your cheek * good morning, dear.. * nuzzle close him .
I cry out loudly as I suddenly feel his member deep inside me. My back arches and toes curl as i try to get used to having him inside me as I moan and blush darkly getting close to having an orgasm already.
as he pushes in I bite joe's neck, to make his moan louder* you should make this sou ds more when it's just us~ shame I'm un-equipped here *I say twisting my fingers inside of him* you know I sometimes get jealous of you guys with your dicks *I giggle.
he came to her.
 littel worry* because you not want kiss your cheek.. *blushes .
he wiggles Joe in his arms stiring up his insides his member throbbing is his tight rear. Making as much movent as he can wile doing his best not to distract Alice..
I say giggling.
look at Alice .
the kitsune sighs walking back into the spa sad he had to leave on such short notice earlier.  He starts to wander down the hallway deciding what he wants to do.
I pause and wave my tails gently wrapping around my legs as I look at Simon curiously.
 Flops on the sofa..
my ears perk as I hear the sound of movement somewhere else in the spa resort and start heading that direction .
 I am flopped on the sofa in the lobby watching the news on the small telavision. Looking bored i yawn deeply..
A sneaky box crawls around the spa looking for action and people to prank.
I chuckle watching the box curiously as I walk towards the couch.
 I look up and smile at you..
I smile sleepily flopping on a nearby couch letting all my tails rest on the floor.
crawls up behind the couch, rolling a cube and getting a 20 in sneak, I silently spray the end of the kitsune's tails pink.
 I sit up a bit not wanting to look like a slouch..
I say to remo and as I stand up I see my tail tips are pink instead of purple O.O* Mah tails! *I whimper rubbing it trying to get the pink off.
 I notice your tails had changed cocor a bit and i lean down picking one up to rub the pink out..
A small giggle is heard from the upside down box running away from the room.
 Being quick i grab a book chucking it at you and hittiong the box with a great thump..
A squeak is heard from the box and a lud boom.
I purr at the help as I start working on the other tails and blush at the complement* th-thank you~ *I hear the giggle and box and see it get nailed with a book.
I walk towards the box.
 I look down having pink all over my blue jeans now..
I blush at the complement again and squeak seeing I got the paint all over your jeans.
the box squeaks.
 Look at the box..
starts making box noises  to communicate with it.
respondes with box noises and chips eating.
I smile at the generous offer my tails swaying gently* I uhh y-yea that would be great ^///^ *I pat the box softly* aww dont be so hard on the little box *I giggle and smile before walking back to follow remo to his room.
 I hold out my paw for you to take if you desire as we start walking back to my room. I dont say much. We get there i slide open the door and stand back for you to enter first..
i take his paw as we walk* Its still nice ^^ *I smile entering first letting a couple of my tails brush against your leg as i enter and look around.
 I smile a little myself, I feel your tales brush up against me and more paint goes on to my jeans. Not worried about it now i follow you inside and slide the door closed behind us flipping on the light. Once inside i strip out of my pants sossing them asside while you have your back turned. I then open the door to the bathroom and start filling the sink with warm water.* Here, Come in here and dip your tails in to the water. I will clean them. I am wearing boxers, my whole body covered in dark blood red fur. I put my long black hair up in to a tail..
I turn around and my face goes dark red as I see the lions dark red fur and  the lack of clothes my eyes drawn to his boxers...i snap back out of it trying to look at other things as I walk to the bathroom giving the nice fur my tails to clean.
 I look a bit confused as i notice your reaction to me.* Its quite alright, i have other pair. Are you okay? Your blushing. Have i done something to make you uncomfortabul? * You feel my paws take the end of one of your tails and dip it in to the water. The paint comes right out. I dry it off and go for the next tail and do the same thing..
I squeak more embarrassed naturally hiding behind one of my tails forgetting it has paint and I get it all over my face just making my embarrassment worse* >///< i-I just thought you were attractive but I didnt want you to catch me looking and you were so nice and now I just look silly >///< *I sigh and let you continue with my tails.
a sneaky box crawls into the room pretending to be a part of the furniture.
 I smile behind you and contenue. affter a moment you can hear a loud purring and my breath on your neck. I Hover there for a moment, before planting a soft kiss where your shoulders meet your neck. I wipe the paint from your face softly and finish up with that last tail..
I smile shyly hearing the purr behind me and yip softly as I feel your kiss to my neck.  My tails sway nervously and excitedly as you wash them off as well as my face. I try to get my blush under control but all I can do is get my face to a light blush still embarrassed being around the lion.
 I chuckle and finish up with your tail, letting it go.* Should i put my pants back on or do you desire my boxers? * I say with a smile and a chuckle..
realizes that was out loud and rather forceful.* cough cough I mean uhh its your room wear whatever is comfortable for you ^///^ *I smile and nuzzle my white with purple tipped tails.
The bix mumbles rememberung it's not her room.
 I grin a bit taking my boxers down and pulling off my shirt..
 Having known the othere was there by smell..
 I stare at the naked lion for a second and hear the box is getting naked. I blush* guess its my turn *I face away from the lion so I stop staring at his crotch slipping my shirt off and slowly sliding my pants and undies off. I lift my tails a little giving him a view of my rear before I stand  back up holding my tails shyly.
 YOu can hear my purring grow louder..
 I look you up and down openly..
I blush darkly and nod as im given permission to check out the unique lion in front of me* y-your more then welcome to put your paws on me *my tails flick in nervous excitement as I step closer to the lion admiring his body.
 Both of us nude i step forward, pressing my body against yours a little. My paws slowly snake around your waist and pull you close. You can feel everything. My face is close to yours and you can fee my hot sweet breath upon your muzzle. you feel me shiver a little and i let a low moan eascape me as out noses touch..
I smile happily at the slow and gentle pace as I mewl softly feeling his paws around me and his sheath against me.  Feeling his warm body and sweet smell I wrap my paws around his neck giving him a gentle kiss.
 I murr at the kiss and take it a bit further. I push my muzzle against yours. Not hard, but enough to let my tongue lick across your lips lightly. you can feel my heart beat, and it spead up at that moment, you felt one of my paws move down to your back side and cup one of your cheeks, giving a little squeeze..
I moan gently into the kiss feeling your passion grow and my tails curl happily feeling your paw graze over and squeeze my rear.  I keep my arms wrapped around your neck as I press close into you my tails naturally lifting for the lion.
 I blush deeply feeling my arousal. something very warm and moist poked your belly as we stood there together. I deepen the kiss a little more my tongue pressing it self against yours. My paws move slowly up and down your sides now, making sure to keep you pressed to me. after a few moments of that both my paws make my down to your ass, both of them squeezing and exploring..
I squeak feeling the lions cock start to press against my belly and as I feel both his paws start to play and explore my rear my cock starts to press against him.  I murr into the kiss letting my tongue play back against his.
 I have started panting softly and i moan in to the kiss taking one of your arms from around my neck and guiding it down to my quickly swellin member. you can feel one om my own digits slipping inbetween your crack and rubbing up against your tail hole tenderly. I kiss you a little more agressivly now nibbling and tugging on your lips..
I blush and smile gripping and slowly stroking your growing member as I murr submissively feeling you finger grazing over my hole. I love your aggressive kiss as I feel you pulling at my lip.
 I groan feeling you paw take controle of my now stiff member. I gasp and moan breaking the kiss off for a moment and leaning over to whisper in your ear.* I, N,need you Joe * Huff.
I pant softly and blush hearing your whispers* i-im all your stud~ *I grip your cock a little tighter as I nip your neck playfully* how would you like me? *I smile asking curiously.
 I pant and growl a little the tips pf my claws poking in to your perfict ass.* O, on your back on my bed. Please. * Pant..
I smile and nod kissing his cheek as I crawl onto the bed showing off my rear and tail hole before flipping onto my back my legs hanging off the edge* like this~ *I purr submissively to you .
pokes the chat.
A white ferret walks out into the main lobby of the spa.
I mumble blushing standing with crossed paws looking down in shame, yet excited.
he gives her a little encouragement with a slap on the rear.
She purrs enjoying the slap.
the ferret turns her around giving her a deep kiss, his paws wondering down her back till gripping her butt quite tightly spreading it wide.
he slowly undoes his robe infront of here out in the open, showing his growing member at half size.
She moan slowly stroking it trying to be as loud as I can* She can do that *slowly going down with kisses, until I get to his member kissing it and stroking it.
Her part already excited and wet from the thoght itself, she gently strokes his shaft as she starts licking the tip going down on it, kissing it all over, enjoying the feeling of it getting bigger.
with each throb of his cock he starts to thrust softly at the kittens mouth. making it harder for him to concentrate spreading that butt of hers for everyone..
I sneak up on both of them before wrapping my tails around both their waists* where does the little kitsune fit in? *I giggle watching the two of them.
She pants going faster on his cock her tail wiggling happily, licking all around as she goes deeper.
he points to a large fuzzy rug.
I murr and nod obediently as i lay on the rug spreading out my tails and my cock standing at attention as I wait for Alice to have a seat.
I crawl towards joe letting go of the cock for a moment, soreading my legs sitting on my knees, as I slowly go down teasing Joe's member with my wet part.
I giggle and moan as she teases me getting the odd feeling this is payback for earlier as I gently try to pull her down on top of me my cock drooling precum.
I moan and go down on it spreading my mouth wide open for fun.
the ferret leans in gripping alice firmly by her hair and the other paw gripping his rock hard cock sliding it right onto her tongue.
I murr watching the two of them from below as I start to rock my hips up into the tight kitten. My pre starts to coat her insides as I use my paw to tease and stroke her clit.
I move up and down on joe going almost all the way down as I push my nuzzle dow onto fun moaning in joy, going crazy by the two pmeasing me at once.
he moans out as he starts to grind at the girl's mouth just a few inches over the kitsunes own face as he gets an upclose view.
I blush and nod not minding at all as I open my muzzle moaning as Alice meets my thrusts my paws moving to hold her hips.
I go extra sloppy pulling out with each lick and suck, going deep again stroking it, as I move my hips riding the cute kitsune bellow me.
I blush catching the mix of saliva and precum as I thrust harder into the kitten above me grinding my swelling knot against her.
I moan loudly for everyone to hear thrusting up and down, my chest jumping away with me.
He pushes hard into the kitten, one hand on her head, the other on her shoulder as he pushes her down on Joe's Knot wanting it inside of her, forcing a deepthroat the entire tme.
I groan loudly trying not to cum as I feel my knot fill the tight kitten watching her deep throat the ferrets cock* s-so tight~ *I keep rocking my hips keeping the knot inside her but moving it around.
I feel the knot being pushed into me making me stop to suck for a moment just making a loud moan of joy, trying to focus again dropping more salica deep throating fun again gently massaging his balls.
with a tight grip on her hair, he can't hold back any longer. pulling his cock back just enough for the tip to still hang on the kittens lips cumming into her mouth, his other paw snaps to her chin keeping it closed around his cock as he empties his sac into her.
seeing the ferret start to cum I grip her hips tightly and moan gently cumming inside her, filling her with rope after rope of cum as I open my muzzle to catch any extra cum.
Feeling myself being covered in two holes, the sensation drving me crazy in joy, as I cum myself covering the kitsune in juices, cum spilling from my mouth downwards covering my ches and him as well.
the ferret pulls out still oozing a bit of cum as he kneelse down placing his coated cock infront of the kitsune to lick clean, one hand on the kittens face keeping any more cum from spilling out forcing her to swallow.
I pant and nod knowing im stuck as I swallow what Alice drips and then blush as im offered fun's cock and purr* I'm good with that *I kiss your cock and start slowly lapping at it trying to get it clean for you.
I keep my nyzzle shut slowly swallowing all the cum moaning in jiy still feeling the fluids inside of me, my tail slowly wiggles as I happily nod when I hear the phrase "backside".
he slides his member into joe's mouth with a lustfull moan. giving the girl a kiss on her cheek. He slips around behind her lining up his saliva coated member pressing it on her tail hole. bit of a tight squeese with the kitsnunes knot filling her up but he manages to slide in.
I moan having cleaned his cock off and pull alice down on top of me kissing her gently as fun moves behind her filling her other hole.
I moan in joy as he oushes into my other hole having both of them pushing together, I moan into the kiss* I'm your slut~ Ahh~! I'm everyone's slut ahh I love it~! *I press my paws againts joe as fun punds at me.
both of his paws press onto her firm butt before leaning over ontop of Alice, sandwiching her tightly between the two males. each of his thrusts rubbing agiesnt the knot, making the cum deep inside of her womb slosh around.
I kiss and hold the kitten still as fun has her way with her still grinding my knot into her slightly.
I pour in joy grinding on both partners slowly dropping onto the kitsune pressing my chest againts him lifting my ass a bit so fun will have it to hus will as well as pulling joe's knot.
The ferret stands over her thrusting down into her tight butt, practically doing a squat each time his member dips down into that wet hole. Reaching over and pulling at Alice hair once again to steady himself as he uses her.
I murr watching Alice squirm between us feeling fun thrust into her running my paws over Alice nipples teasing her slowly.
I moam loudly as I'm being pulled from all sides feeling pleasure in every point of my body, purrs of joy leaving me driving my sexual desire harder grinding againts them.
with that he sits hard on the girl. his member pushing deep as he manages to Pile annother climax into the girl filling her rear with his hot seed. rather then thrust he just grinds turning her insides up letting. out a hot growl scratching at her back with his other paw as he pushes his member as deep as he can.
I groan softly seeing fun start to fill her with his seed again. I kiss and nibble alice neck.
I purr in joy as my other hole gets filled with more seed, rolling my eyes in joy* ahh!! yess! *I moan pressing myself shaking.
he stands up quickly. Getting a good look at her gaping backside, slowly dribbling cum out of it.
my knot finally gets small enough that I pull out of the kitten nuzzling her softly and blush at the complement.
I giggle blushing rolling on my side dripping with cum from all holes.
he winks at the booth of them giving the girl a slap on her ass before heading to the shower to clean off.
I giggle still laying on the floor with her.
I giggle hiding my nuzzle between my paws.
I giggle and run my paw through some of the cum coating her fur and lick my paw.
I walk into the lobby and notice the two laying on the floor.
I blush and wave shyly.
I giggle looking at the kitsune near me.
I remove my robe and expose my already hard erect cock.
I say giggling spreading my cum leaking lips.
I blush and giggle looking at Alice.
I lay down next to Alice and begin to grind my cock between her legs.
I ask smiling as I feel a new cock grinding againts.
I giggle running my paw across Alice rear* or a fresh one~? *I lift my tails showing my tight hole blushing shyly.
I look at the kitsune and smile.
I murr seductively back at alex.
I blush redly covering my buzzle in my paws.
I give Alice a kiss on the neck and make my way behind Joe.
I crawl on top of Alice lifting my tails for alex as I tease Alice running my cock tip against both her holes.
I get behind Joe and I prod his hole with my cock.
I purr blushing, opening it up for him.
I murr pressing back against Alex feeling his tip poking me. I wrap my tails around his waist* muurr<3 *I blush and lift Alice legs and because of all the cum I easily slide my cock inside her tailhole.
the ferret walks into the room. Steam coming off of him from the shower, tottaly nude but sits on a couch to watch for just a bit. Large grin on his face as he hears Alice talk about him.
I push my way inside Joe slowly as he slides in Alice. I hold onto him tight for support.
I purr out feeling my hole being pushed in again, looking at fun blushing as they do as they wish in front of him.
I mewl gently rocking back and forth between pressing back into Alex as his cock stretches my hole slowly, then forward to press deeper inside Alice.
I moan softly as Joe moves back and forth between me and Alice.
my oures fillll in joy again as I gently touch my clit as I grind againts joe make sure to give fun a good show.
the ferret openly strokes himself watching the debatchery..
I pant loudly feeling Alex inside me as I squirm on his cock all while thrusting hard into Alice and give her a little space so she can obey fun.
I smile and lean in towards Alice with a grin on my face.
I willingly obey fun's order, slowly turning around, squeak as I do so, lapping on Joe's cock, as I reach to face him, pressing my chest againts the kissune I lean to kiss alex passionately.
I kiss Alice passionately, pushing my tongue into her muzzle slowly.
I hold onto Alice murring loudly as I watch them make out next to me. I pull her hips close burying my cock deep inside her and and pressing back into alex so he's buried deep inside me.
I moan with joy into alex's nuzzle as I press myself againts joe, wetting his fur, I slowly leave the kiss getyin saliva on joe's shoulder, as I pull into kissing him aswell.
As my kiss ends I kiss Joe's neck and start thrusting into him slowly.
the ferret stands up. Now hard again. Takes a seat over Joe's face placing his sac Infront of his snout. Now behind Alice he leans close to her whispering.
I finish my kiss with Alice holding her close. I blush and lean up licking the ferrets sack while starting to rock back into alex again moaning gently.
I blush horribly, my mind going mad with emotions to Fun's words, pulling my tongue out thrusting againts Joe, as I searching for fun's cock slowly pusshing my nuzzle againts it sucking it twisying my tongue.
I nibble on Joe's neck gently and I feel my knot start to swell up thanks to his tight kitsune butt.
he rocks his hips back and forth. Each back rock pushes his sac into the kitsune. Forward into the kittens slutty mouth. Back arched as he massages her perky nipples pinching them.
feeling Alex knot I blush mine starting to swell inside Alice* please Alex I want to feel your hot cum dripping out of me~ *I pant tilting my head blushing as I keep licking the balls in front of me.
I thrust forward, pushing my knot in a little bit at a time, teasing him slowly with it.
As akex pushes againts joe he is forced to push againts me, my nipples going crazy with the pinches, I try to stay focused moving myself onto fun's lovely member.
the ferret moves forward enough to let Joe focus on Alex's needs. At the same time pushing his cock into the back of Alice's throat making a tight seal with one hand on the back of her head pulling it in. Till her nose is pressed on his twitching balls. Would be filling her nose with sent if she could breath.
I thrust inside Alice's tight tailhole hard, my knot still swelling up.
He laughs seeing her throat bulge.
I choke on his cock enjoying every moment of it, my nose pressed againts his fur just begging to be toyed around, my butt moving around up and down on Alex just wanting more and more.
After taking time to Explore the City. The Half tiger half Rabbit mix returned back to the spa.  Streatching as he walked back into the lobby. His floppy ears shifted with each step as his tail swayed behidn him.  Crimson eyes glanced about the Lobby area to see if any one was around at the moment.  Arms relaxing down then pushing those long ears back behind his shoulders from falling forward of  befoer walking back into the Spa.
claws up a tree, perching myself on a thick branch and leaning my back against the tree itself, my tail hanging lazily. Pulling out a pack of cigarettes, I remove one and light it, rubbing my brow with my other hand.
the kitsune is sitting outside the spa closing his laptop having just finished his assembly program. He yawns tiredly rubbing his temples trying to wake up enough to go to bed.
squeaks feeling someone rub my head and turn to face the newcomer* oh hai there ^~^ just trying to de-stress so I can sleep *I smile shyly my tails swaying behind me as I only wear a collar and leash.
I squeak my 9 tails swaying curiously as im pet and cuddled in his sweater I giggle watching his hair floof up* I uhh well hi there ^~^ *I smile kindly.
I blush a little and mewl contently giving in to the strangers caress as I nuzzle into him a little yawning tiredly.
I nod softly loving your rubs as I nuzzle in closer to your sweater.
I paw your hands away from my cheeks as I lean against the possums chest falling asleep.
I pop awake with the vibrations my tails being sensitive to it.
I yawn again nuzzling up resting my head on his chest.
After a long tiring day of spring cleaning. The tigress pads into the showers to rinse.* Hot soak is what I need. * Undressing she went into to the showers.
Seeing no one the tigress pads out nude. Holding her towel she finds a nice hot pool and slides in. Rolling her towel into a pillow she relaxes near the edge.
Eyes popping open just to catch a wave in the face Dawn sputters and shakes her head looking about.
Dawn giggled and smiled. Watching the kitten. Just her head and neck above the water.
Shakes her head still smiling..
She says smiling brightly.
hears all the livelihood springing up. Lying on his stomach and splayed out. They look over at the others subtly getting red in the sunlight not thinking they would linger around till day..
Stretching under the water she yawns and relaxes back on her towel pillow. Lazily raising one footpaw above the water then the other.
The unsuspected pink hare lying nude by the pool begins to military crawl away, trying to be subtle even as they are glaring in the sun.
Predatory senses tingling she looks at the pink bun slipping away and leave them be. Smiling at Alex.
Watching the kitten she smirks.
Blushed at the perceived innuendo.
Playfully splashes at the kitten with her foot.
watches from the bushes.
feels a presence and thumps.
Blushing not knowing what what to expect.
pushes her out splashing her, smiling also spilling water on alex.
comes flying out of nowhere tackling the kitten into the water.
I hug Alice giving her a little kiss* hai *I run to Alex giving him too* ^~^ and bye :( *I run off again the busy fur off to his next thing.
pops back in giving an Alex a kiss too* nope Alice gets the bigger one *I giggle and poof again.
shuffles through a compartment, pulling a swim skirt to wear and feel less conscious with. Dropping down with negligible upskirt. They walk back to the pool and dip in, seeping to their muzzle in it.
dips into the water, shaping a pink fin of ear. You could swear a ominous orchestra ensemble starts playing as he goes around the possum.
flops in the water again waving waves of water everywhere out of borodeom.
steers in a direct line, sinking below and giving the floating sweater a boop.
circles back for another approach. As the figure glides below, a hand swiftly copping a feel into the mystery of the sweater in passing.
once again comes below you, body facing the floor, seemingly unaffected by being underwater, and bearing a smirk.  They give your nose a gentle boop.
bubbles as they accend* Hmm? *tilts their head as they wring ears.
lays arms over them like a floatie.
starts feeling lazy, pulling themselves up and laying on simon.
wiggles nose at.
wiggles their tail, paddling them around the pool.
Surfaces in the hot pool after her mysterious disappearance.
reappears out of thin air and splashes into the pool.
Giggles as she's splashed.
glitches through the matrix reading carrot magazine.
relines against the pool wall.
Looking over.
Looking at her hands she realizes she's quite pruney.
She giggled and pushed up sitting in the edge she wraps her towel around her use self.
Shows him her hands and then a footpaw.
She winks at his blush and stands. Shaking her head fur a bit she pads off towards the locker room. Sole patting on the tile.
She called back before disappearing into the ladies locker room.
After considerable towel drying the tigress redressed pads out to the garden. Walking around a bit before selecting a spot to read.
the kitsune looks up from his laptop hearing someone nearby but being on the other side of the willow tree he doesn't see anything.
Ears twitch looking up.
I jump up staring at the tree* O.O *I notice a tiger tail peaking out from the side of the tree.
I follow the tail and giggles finding dawn* I guess its not a talking tree.. Just a cute tiger *I sigh pretending to be sad.
Sticks tongue out acting hurt.
I chuckle and smile* im kidding tigers are way better *I sit next to her pulling out my laptop again.
Leans on the tree* Had a pity party seeing all the clothes that don't fit anymore. You? *Letting her tail mingle with his.
I purr gently wrapping a couple tails around hers* spring break just ended so back at school *I sigh sadly showing hw on my laptop.
Purrs as well* did you do anything special for spring break? *Leans over looking at the laptop.
I giggle showing my resume at the moment* so nothing really exciting but the sleep was oh so worth it *I giggle and my other tails sway softly I make sure not to whack you with them.
She smiled and kissed his cheek. Their tails mingling.
the kitsune blushed shyly his tails swaying a bit faster now and gripping her tail tighter* I would have to agree, although im looking forward to having the energy for spring cleaning, my car needs it *I giggle.
Smiles at his blush and laid her head on his shoulder lightly.
I blush gently again and wrap my arm around the tiger holding her as she rests her head on my shoulder. I nuzzle the top of her head.
Blushes and ears lower.
I smile and kiss each ear trying to get them to perk back up* why paint? *I ask curiously.
She tried not to giggle feeling those kisses.
I giggle and smile.
She scoots closer letting an arm slid around his waist. Purring as she felt content.
I giggle and blush slightly again wrapping a paw around her waist and laying down in the grass under the tree my murr getting a little louder.
She smiled seeing him lay back. She blushed and laid back as well. On her back besides him she nervously reached out and took his hand. Looking up at the stars..
Sitting up and looking for the sound she sees the possum. She jumps up and runs to the possum.
I smile and hold her hand tightly and pull her a little closer. I put one of my tails in her other paw and the tip glows purple and I show her how she can write in the sky with it as I connect starts with a different tail.
Concern on her face as she looks over the possums nose* I was a first responder. *She says trying to be reassuring.
She smiles and leans closer. Gently touching the muzzle checking for breaks* Sorry. I'm compelled to help. *feeling no serious injuries she leans back.
the kitsune had apparently zoned out completely thinking about a computer program he has to write and sees them both.
I blush shyly realizing I never got his name last night.
Dawn watches smiling seeing as the two knew each other. Her tail padding the grass lightly.
Towers behind Eric and Elijah, big bear paw patting each one's rear.
chuckles, a 10ft tall dire wolf looking at the bear.
Grins widely, pulling each closer and reaching around, rubbin' each tumm.
low humored rumble.
I sigh softly with a smile at the advance and sit in his lap, tail flicking absentmindedly.
toys further with sergal fluff and tracing a big hand dangerously close to otter's (?) emerging nethers.
I shiver a bit and lean up to nip his chin* She? Well all the girls are on kik, but I've got a lovely little fenolf here~ *snuggles back and smiles at the attention, turning to curiously sniff Eric.
Scruff roughly in sergal's neck, teeth brushing gently, then brings a big, warm, bear snout close to otter's maw, huffing and sniffing.
I shiver softly* Mmm~ you're handsome~ *leans up and licks along your jaw softly.
opens maw, revealing a mouth full of sharp teeth and a big tongue that tests over the otter's lips and cheek, cupping his junk and giving a light squeeze.
turning to the sergal, I bury my nose in his neck again while squeezing a butt cheek firmly, then makes intense eye contact.
I rub my cheek against your maw when you nose into my neck, and I murr happily and chuckle softly.
deep chuckle.
I grin a wide grin and raise my arm, revealing a musky, but not unpleasant armpit.
raises eyebrows with a small, friendly chuckle.
watches from the distance, ears poking out.
I draw my two subjects closer to me, eyes the bigger bear up 'n down.
My bearhood starts to raise up, in a mix of arousal and territorial feelings.
frowns a bit, being a dom (sub tonight) myself, I don't much like being in between the two, and I look at them both with strange looks.
realizes I've been branded someone's subject.
 I sit down n the sofa and eat popcorn..
is here for rp.
is free every night of the week.
twitches ears, and tentatively hops to a close spot.
Leans forward as bear god backs away. Inhales deeply and growls.
gives the sergal a firm, slick tug on the junk and the otter a wet, slobbery kiss.
Gets up unceremoniously.
I grunt softly and snarl a bit as I'm tugged and manhandled, and I growl a bit and chuckle.
 I put my popcorn down and walk over to join you guys..
Stands tall, tho not as tall as BearGod, bearhood full mast and oozing pre. Calls to the room.
Walk off to exit.
 I walk over and slowly sitting in your lap..
looks around as I rub my sheathe a bit and sigh.
Marches right back up serval sergal. Points member right at nose.
winks as I stalk off, slapping some otter butt as i go.
 Wiggles my rear in to your lap nd giggles  bit, not sure if you were interested or not..
I smile and nip your ear as you wiggle.
 I smile in return and giggle again..
I smile and rub your thighs as you sit in my lap, while I gently lean in and lick at your neck, kissing and suckling softly.
 I giggle and mon grinding my self in to your sheath which currently rests between my ass cheeks. I lean my head to the side nd moan a little as you give me your atention..
I smile and rub my sheathe back and forth along your crack as my sheathe bulges against you.
 I growl playfully and purr rubbing back against you. You can see me growing stiff as well..
the nude hare comes back, swiftly bouncing by to a private room, balancing a bowl of sweet smelling yakisoba and a pack on their back.
 Giggles and slides off you lap..
I grab your shoulders and pull you back up, growling dominantly, though softly, as I wrap my arms around you.
 I blush and yelp a bit as i am pulled back in to your lap. I start grinding my self in to you again..
Suddenly you're on your chest ok the floor, the sergal over you, large body shadowing yours and making it seem extra small as I chuckle into your ear and rub your plump ass with a strong paw.
 I yelp again and grunt as i am pushed on to the floor. I hadent ben expecting this move so i struggled a little bit at first.  I blush deeply pushing my rear end up in to you..
slides their own room open,  setting aside their bag before getting down to eat. Their ears perking to attention before he lets out a scoff, returning to their dish .
I smile and let out a soft growl, letting my giant, throbbing cock leak pre against your hole as I rub it up and down, nipping the back of your neck softly.
 I purr and moan feeling your cock rub up and down my hole. I shiver and groan, pushing back in to you. I blush and pant softly now, my own cock dripping on to the floor, moving my tail out of the way..
I push the tip of my cock into your wet hole and start easing more and more in, enjoying the feeling of your tight hole slowly opening around my shaft, squeezing my cock as it enters. Meanwhile I'm nibbling and kissing your neck softly, ears flicking st your moans.
 I gasp and moan out loudly as your cock starts to push inside me. I pant fast as your massive cock stretches me out. I reach back with both paws spreading my cheeks for you..
One paw grips your hips and lifts your lithe little ass off the ground as I fit my cock in to the hilt, chuckling, knowing the bulge from my cock shows through your belly cuz I can feel the tightness. I start to thrust slowly, letting myself gain speed as I lean down a bit and nip your cheek.
catches glimce of a note placed onto the pile of cushons they had. He rather eagerly procures and reads, a slip of five hundred u.s dollars falling out in the process..
 I pant, lovjg the feeling of your huge cock in my ass. I put my paw on the bulge in my belly and rub it softly. gasping as you stuff your whole cock inside me lifting me off the floor. I blush deeply supprised i am able to fit so much inside me with no pain..
I chuckle softly, never letting subs in on the secret in the pre that numbs their nerves, just so I can go as hard as I like, and my speed begins hitting fast paced speeds, still growing as I grunt and growl softly, and hold your hips as I plant my hind paws on the ground and fuck down into your hole like a jackhammer.
 Finnishing the letter, they redden, giving a stuttering sigh and pause..
 I move with you pushing my ass up in to you as you plow your self down in to me. All i can do is pant, mon and drool on to the floor as you fuck my ass. my cock is making a puddle on the floor below us ..
 I pant hard and cry out with each one of your powerful thrusts. I wonder if you will tie me. I feel my climax bubbling up quickly from deep inside my abused body.* F-fuuk Aaah ahh ahh ! * I whimper feeling your claws dig in to me, gasping and screaming.
they place the letter and cash away safely, sliding their door closed just enough to be ajar before deciding to lie on their pillows, hugging them and resting their eyes.
I chuckle loudly and lean down to place my teeth heavily against your neck, not breaking for tease as I pound harder and harder and harder until with one more powerful jackhammer thrust I shove my knot into you and groan out as my gallons of seed begin spilling into you. I'm holding you down under me firmly, you're unable to move as you're tied, filled, and bulged by me as I pant.
 I yelp out and scream again as your knot is shoved inside me . That sends me over the edge and without touching my self at ll i expload all over the floor. I feel you let go inside of me and i feel like i am being filled up with a fire hose. fter a moment i start coughing up your seed on to the floor not able to hold it ll inside..
I lay heavily down on you and pin you under my immense weight, much more than someone even my size should be due to biological oddities, but it's warm and inviting as ever as you're bloated by my seed, trapped under me.
 Pant pant, Whimper and moan. I belch up more of your cum, but i try my best to keep it all inside..
snuggles down on my catch and murrs as I close my eyes.
 I flex my ass around your cock..
 I snuggle back in to you also closing my eyes..
le haunted by marshmallows.
A cyborg wolf is sitting at the pool area; his augmented armor removed at some parts, notably the shoulder and wrist and replaced with clear plastic covers while he let his lower body soak in a hot tub..
lays down lazily as my feral dire and notices the robo wulf.
looks over to the feral dire and huffs, giving a nod of approval as he looked back ahead and relaxed.
enters the pool area in a small, tight and cutely bulging cyan vinyl bikini peice, softly padding their metallic feet and carrying a pineapple themed floatie.
Watching the newcomers venture forth in the once quiet pool area, the cyborg wolf huffed, looking at the various furs and such. It was pleasant to see such diversity as his eyes wandered from the wolf to the bear to the rabbit, which he thought was possibly a cyborg as his left eye glowed, scanning that particular individual..
in my obvious boredom, looking around at the furs and seeing them all minding their own business, I say whatever and decide to play with my magic, little swirls of black haze, green fire, or yellow tendrils of light twirl and swirl and tornado as I wave my fingers in a pattern for the magic to follow.
chuckles a bit at the audience as the magic swirls around her softly.
I tilt my head and watch the giant bear play, myself being ten foot tall and wide enough, I myself poof into a cloud of black haze that ignited with green sparks and fizzes, crackling and igniting until I'm entirely made of yellow light, like some Vegas light show.
sighs and closes his eyes thinking he's being inconspicuous as he rolls onto his back, stretching his thighs. Their tight circular packing reflecting in the light as they approach, right at the edge of the pool and facing him.
I chuckle in thought as I swirl around the bear, letting my master shift cleanly and seamlessly between the three different magical forces I've described in beautiful, flowing patterns that dance with the overall movement of my black haze, the green fire and yellow light forming and dissipating and shining randomly and spontaneously.
flusters at being seen through their indirect flirting, glaring at them a moment and visibly twitching below...
flicks a glance at the sizable lump in your trunks before stroking hair out their eye.
nod*, "these legs are much stronger than my old ones as much as I could remember, but I do miss them.. You could say these are donated, or for model display. The emp is a personal addition I requested myself from a coworker freind, I always find some use for it, especially if I want to be left alone." *looks around the airspace of the pool for a moment, with a momentary distain..
realigns, and smiles again, before letting out a internal whining groan you didn't hear from further away, glancing you up and down..
perks their ears, and flicks their  head around at Elijah with a embarrassed but scornful stare .
leaves cuz I did a bad.
nods* "it's effective in its purposes.. I sometimes get a little paparazzi.." *faintly resembles a lewd magazine advertisement as he sits on spread knees over the pineapple float.
he lays back onto his stomach, tail flicking over the snug curve hugging latex, as you notice the thin waist strap latches are held on stretch alone.
he squeaks, getting his neck rubbed from out of view, jumping a little and sending a light wave.
shivers at the wave and flops, some energies having strange effects on me. I groan softly and slide between you two into the pool, disappearing under.
Matt, or Buck as he's known in these type of settings, shoulders into the somewhat packed area. A mixture of scents wafts his way, from steam to sweat to pleasures. Big ol' bear snout probing the air, sniffin out some furs he left earlier..
pokes my head out of the water before gradually lifting myself into the air to bug the wolf who's got a problem with magic in a friendly manner before flopping down onto the couch.
Tina approached the spa, placing her golden yellow armor besides the pool, covering herself in a towel, clicking a hidden bottun that clicks a few wheels, and in a clank sound drops the clothing down, releasing her silver watch pistol, going down to the armor twisting a switch that clicks the armor, making the plates twist and clutch inti a box, placing the pistol in it, locking it well, now only left in a towel and her collar, she slowly descends into the water.
rolls and stretches again with a cute groan, till a tip pops out of his swimwear, squeaking again and covering it with his mitts before smiling and trying to play cool by rolling again. He was just meaning to pose again before responding but embarrassed themselves.
Raising himself up a bit more to his full height, the bear points a heavy paw at the stumbling otter, and starts moving through the crowd towards him.
wiggles their tail, fitting back into their swimwear with some effort before they disembark onto the ground on all fours, brushing against him.
sighs a bit and shrugs before curling up and closing my eyes.
Buck, somewhat surprised at the otters affections, pauses, then wraps two big arms around him, enveloping the relatively smol otter in his fur.
wasn't intentional but had to get off the float somehow, just grazing them and blushed, he got up on his feet taking their float with them.
The big bear picks up and hauls the otter over his shoulder, and begins to march to a nearby pool. The occupants seem relaxed. Too relaxed. The bear was gonna give em a show.
Tina looks up a bit too surprised to see a marching bear towards her, she pushed herself away to the farther part of the pool just in case.
